What were the major effects of the cambodia earthquake, and how do these effects compare to the Iquique earthquake in 1877?	What were the major effects of the Iquique earthquake, and how do these effects compare to the cambodia earthquake in 1877?
The guy I'm dating never texts me and I feel like he does n't care about me but when I see him he shows me he likes me and wants me. Why do I feel this way?	The guy I'm dating never wants me and I feel like he does n't care about me but when I see him, he shows me he likes me and texts me. Why do I feel this way?
How do I make my new phone number as group admin when I do n't have access to my old number (which is the group admin at present) on whatsapp?	How do I make my old phone number as group admin when I do n't have access to my new number (which is the group admin at present) on whatsapp?
Why ca n't countries afford high quality products, but insist to buy low quality Chinese products which Chinese themselves do not want to buy?	Why ca n't countries afford China's high quality products, but insist to buy low quality Chinese products which Chinese themselves do not want to buy?
Do Mexican women like East Asian men (Korean, Japanese, Chinese)?	Do East Asian women like Mexican men (Korean, Japanese, Chinese)?
I feel as though for 95% of my day, my mind is in a thinking state, not actively cruising or processing. What is this, what causes this, and how can I get rid of it?	I feel as though for 95% of my day, my mind is in a cruising state, not actively thinking or processing. What is this, what causes this, and how can I get rid of it?
What if a girl who ignores me suddenly likes me? What does it mean?	What if a girl who likes me suddenly ignores me? What does it mean?
What do British universities require from the German curriculum for medicine?	What do German universities require from British curriculum for medicine?
How can I join the Gopichand Badminton Academy? Will he agree to train me at age 20?	How can I train the Gopichand Badminton Academy? Will he agree to join me at age 20?
What are the driving rules in Georgia versus Mississippi?	What are the driving rules in Mississippi versus Georgia?
Does AT & T have any specific plans for DirecTV's ROOT Sports networks, post acquisition?	Does DirecTV have any specific plans for AT & T's ROOT Sports networks, post acquisition?
How do I start learning electronic music production? Should I begin with books or videos? I have logic pro 9 and I already made some songs but I would like to start from scratch (as if I did not know anything).	How do I begin learning electronic music production? Should I start with books or videos? I have logic pro 9 and I already made some songs but I would like to start from scratch (as if I did not know anything).
Can energy be borrowed from vacuum (to be returned immediately)? If this happens how do we know vacuum energy is real if virtual particles do n't exist?	Can energy be returned from vacuum (to be borrowed immediately), if this happens how do we know vacuum energy is real if virtual particles do n't exist?
``I had a Google APM interview, and at the end of three interviews they said they had`` enough information. ``None of these interviews were technical. Is the number of interviews you have onsite indicative of your performance? ''	``I had a Google APM interview, and at the end of three interviews they said they had`` technical information. ``None of these interviews were enough. Is the number of interviews you have onsite indicative of your performance? ''
How do you drive from Auckland to Edmonton, and how do notable features of the route compare with those of other Canadian cities?	How do you drive from Edmonton to Auckland, and how do notable features of the route compare with those of other Canadian cities?
Which business idea I can get from small city like (Pune) & start in metro city (Gwalior)?	Which business idea I can get from metro city like (Pune) & start in small city (Gwalior)?
What is the best site to integrate my business blog and post with all traders worldwide?	What is the best site to post my business blog and integrate with all traders worldwide?
I want to start learn. how should I coding it?	I want to learn coding how should I start it?
``Does the fact that Obama called Bernie a`` Shvartza Goy ``prove that Bernie is racist? ''	``Does the fact that Bernie called Obama a`` Shvartza Goy ``prove that Bernie is racist? ''
What are the differences between abiotic factors and biotic factors?	What are the differences between biotic factors and abiotic factors?
How is the categoricity of the second analysis demonstrated in tensorial-order logic?	How is the categoricity of the tensorial analysis demonstrated in second-order logic?
``What does the application status`` Reviewed, not selected ``mean? ''	``What does the application status`` selected, not Reviewed ``mean? ''
What's classy if you're poor, but trashy if you're rich?	What's classy if you're rich, but trashy if you're poor?
I'm currently working for a Big 4 as an Advanced Tax Analyst. The company is willing to sponsor my CPA in the future. Should I continue this job and do CPA or I should leave this job and start preparing for CA, which I feel have much better scope than a CPA?	I'm currently working for a Big 4 as an Advanced Tax Analyst. The company is willing to sponsor my CPA in the future. Should I leave this job and do CPA or I should continue this job, and start preparing for CA, which I feel have much better scope than a CPA?
What is actual meaning of life? Indeen, it depend on perception of people or other thing?	What is other meaning of life? Indeen, it depend on perception of people or actual thing?
What is the relationship among Helsingor, Helsingfors, Helsinki and Helsingborg?	What is the relationship among Helsinki, Helsingfors, Helsingor and Helsingborg?
In Nevada when pulling out of a parking lot, can you make a right turn into the far left lane if intending to turn into a nearby driveway or business?	In Nevada when pulling out of a parking lot, can you make a left turn into the far right lane if intending to turn into a nearby driveway or business?
How safe are Indian Rs 500 and Rs 2000 new currency notes?	How safe is new Rs 500 and Rs 2000 Indian currency notes?
As space expands, it releases stored up intrinsic energy, which converts into the gravitational potential energy that fills the newly created volume?	As space expands, it releases stored up gravitational potential energy, which converts into the intrinsic energy that fills the newly created volume?
Why do some people write with their left hand and some write with their right hand?	Why do some people write with their right hand and some write with their left hand?
What are the reasons for SAARC's failure as regional organization for regional integration, economic cooperation and platform to raise common issues?	What are the reasons for SAARC's failure as common organization and platform to raise common issues for economic integration, regional cooperation?
What is the difference between active immunity and passive immunity? What are its similarities?	What is the difference between passive immunity and active immunity? What are its similarities?
Do Chinese/Korean people think they look like Japanese people?	Do Japanese people think they look like Chinese/Korean people?
How do I change my SBI register mobile number?	How do I register my SBI change mobile number?
What if Hillary Clinton would have defeated Donald Trump?	What if Donald Trump would have defeated Hillary Clinton?
How do I integrate quickblox step by step in ios app in swift also the sample swift code showing me 404 error after entering the credentials?	How do I integrate swift step by step in ios app in swift also the sample quick box code showing me 404 error after entering the credentials?
``Are`` if I were... ``and`` if I was... ``both grammatically correct? ''	Are ``if I was ''and`` if I were'' both grammatically correct?
Do Go-Back-N ARQ and Selective Repeat ARQ use individual acknowledgements or an acknowledgement for every cumulative packet?	Do Go-Back-N ARQ and Selective Repeat ARQ use cumulative acknowledgements or an acknowledgement for every individual packet?
How would Democrats have reacted to Marco Rubio as the winner of the US Presidency over Hillary Clinton?	How would Hillary Clinton have reacted to Democrats as the winner of the US Presidency over Marco Rubio?
Is Jakarta more advanced city (Infra structure wise) than Mumbai in spite of the fact that India is more developed than Indonesia?	Is Mumbai more developed city (Infra structure wise) than Jakarta in spite of the fact that Indonesia is more advanced than India?
What I can test in a website and public testing? It's an application that to be used by Android users and also, to be optimized for google.?	What I can test in a website and android testing? Its a application that to be used by public users and also, to be optimized for google.?
Where can I find French film or tv shows with french subtitles?	Where can I find french film or tv shows with French subtitles?
What was the production of artwork intended for in Hawaii and how is it compared to the one intended for in California?	What was the production of artwork intended for in California and how is it compared to the one intended for in Hawaii?
Is LinkedIn a good acquisition for Microsoft? Does it make strategic sense?	Is LinkedIn a strategic acquisition for Microsoft? Does it make good sense?
Its 8th Jan and I am stressing out to get 95% in 12th boards?	It's 12th Jan and I am stressing out to get 95% in 8th boards?
What were the major effects of the Iquique earthquake, and how do these effects compare to the Cambodia earthquake in 1877?	What were the major effects of the cambodia earthquake, and how do these effects compare to the Iquique earthquake in 1877?
Why does good is bad and good is bad?	Why does bad is bad and good is good?
How do I master hybrid app development? What is the best way to learn it?	How do I learn hybrid app development? What is the best way to master it?
Is it a good decision to ban currency of 500 and 1000? Is it really going to block all the Swiss money? Does the decision affects black money too?	Is it a good decision to ban currency of 500 and 1000? Is it really going to block all the black money? Does the decision affects Swiss money too?
Why did identity politics work for Hillary Clinton but not for Obama?	Why did identity politics work for Obama but not for Hillary Clinton?
How can one track whether read email was sent?	How can one track whether sent email was read?
What are some amazing or least known fact of Indian railway?	What are least known or some amazing fact of Indian railway?
Why is India still a developing country when other developed countries like China and Japan are better colonized than India?	Why is India still a developing country when other colonized countries like China and Japan are better developed than India?
What factors cause a good person to become bad?	What factors cause a bad person become good?
How's it like to be a big fish in a small pond?	How's it like to be a small fish in a big pond?
I had us l1b blank visa of comp A valid till 2018, I left comp A and join comp B in 2016, now I want to rejoin comp A, would my l1b still hold good?	I had us l1b blank visa of comp A good till 2018, I left comp A and rejoin comp B in 2016, now I want to join comp A, would my l1b still hold valid?
Can you get anal from pregnant?	Can you get pregnant from anal?
I want to be a child psychologist, what qualification do i need to become one? Are there good and reputed psychology Institute or Colleges in India?	I want to become a child psychologist, what qualification do i need to be one? Are there good and reputed psychology Institute or Colleges in India?
Why are beautiful girls so rude all the time? I saw a girl crying and I went to ask if I can help and she became very rude and told me to go away.	Why are rude girls so beautiful all the time? I saw a girl crying and I went to ask if I can help and she became very rude and told me to go away.
Why do more Arab men seem to like White women than Black women?	Why do more White men seem to like Black women than Arab women?
How do I become emotionally detached and less available?	How do I become emotionally available and less detached?
Do tech companies in Silicon Valley hire interns from the UK to work either in the US or remotely in the UK?	Do tech companies in Silicon Valley hire interns from the US to work either in the UK or remotely in the UK?
What is the name of the creepiest horror movie you've ever seen? Which was the scariest part?	What is the name of the scariest horror movie you've ever seen? Which was the creepiest part?
I am an electrical engineering student.I am very much interested in ethical hacking. What course in masters should I fill to full pursue my interest?	Am an electrical engineering student, am very much interested in ethical hacking. What course in masters should I pursue to full fill my interest?
What parallelism can we draw between gods of Hindu mythology, Egyptian mythology, Greek mythology, etc.?	What parallelism can we draw between gods of Hindu mythology, Greek mythology, Egyptian mythology, etc..?
How is Donald Trump a better choice than Hillary Clinton?	How is Hillary Clinton a better choice than Donald Trump?
Are there any data that highlights how much of US daily life is influenced by local vs state vs federal laws/policies?	Are there any data that highlights how much daily life, of US, is influenced by federal vs state vs local laws/policies?
Is it generally a good idea to mention any on-interviewing interviews/offers that you may have to another company you are going with?	Is it generally a good idea to mention any on-going interviews/offers that you may have to another company you are interviewing with?
What are the main imports and exports of Venezuela, and how does Canada's industry compare to Venezuela's?	What are the main imports and exports of Venezuela, and how does Venezuela's industry compare to Canada's?
What would you rather be: a big fish in a small pond or a small fish in a big pond? Why?	What would you rather be, a big fish in a small pond or a small fish in a big pond? Why?
I started chatting with this guy on Tinder. It's been hardly 3 days and he has already asked me to meet over drinks. Should I meet him?	I started chatting with this guy on Tinder. It's been already 3 days and he has hardly asked me to meet over drinks. Should I meet him?
What is the purpose of life? What's life actually about?	What's the purpose of life? What is life actually about?
Will the removal of Sanders as Chairperson of the DNC, satisfy Wasserman Schultz supporters?	Will the removal of Wasserman Schultz as Chairperson of the DNC satisfy Sanders supporters?
My 9 year old son can jog about as well as I can. Meaning, he can run 2 to 3 miles at a time at a 9 min mile pace. Does he have talent in running or is this normal for his age?	My 9 year old son can run about as well as I can. Meaning, he can jog 2 to 3 miles at a time at a 9 min mile pace. Does he have talent in running or is this normal for his age?
What happens after filing a police report and not ever following up with detective? How can I get them to suspend the matter or I guess close the investigation?	What happens after filing a police report and not ever following up with detective? How can I get them to close the matter or I guess suspend the investigation?
Will Kapil Sharma take any action against Narendra Modi's complaint of corruption in BMC?	Will Narendra Modi take any action against Kapil Sharma's complaint of corruption in BMC?
What are common required and elective courses in music?	What are the common courses and electives required, in music?
If you roll two fair six sided dice what is the probability that the sum is 5 or lower?	If you roll two fair sided six dice what is the probability that the sum is 5 or lower?
What features do you miss the most in your old non smart phone?	What features do you miss the most in your non-smart old phone?
What is difference between North Indian Brahmins and South Indian Brahmins?	What is difference between South Indian Brahmins and North Indian Brahmins?
Should I opt for a Master's of Science degree from RIT with a profile of 315/107/3 .5 CGPA or look for better options?	Should I look for a Master's of Science degree from RIT with a profile of 315/107/3 .5 CGPA or opt for better options?
How do I forget someone I do n't want to forget?	How do I want someone I do n't forget to forget?
What is deep web and dark web and what are the contents of these sites?	What is dark web and deep web and what are the contents of these sites?
What are some skills you can monetize and in turn leverage into a lot of money without necessarily going to college for them?	What are some skills you can leverage and in turn monetize into a lot of money without necessarily going to college for them?
Why does people here in Quora still ask some questions that has been easily answered already, and can be found somewhere else using Google search?	Why does people here in Quora still ask some questions that has been already answered somewhere else, and can be found easily using Google search?
What is the difference between an Intel (A10) and AMD processor (i5)?	What is the difference between an AMD (A10) and Intel processor (i5)?
What kind of a professional, computer-based course is suitable for an M.Com. student? Which reputable institute provides such a course in India?	What kind of a reputable, computer-based course is suitable for an M.Com. student? Which professional institute provides such a course in India?
What is the frequency that creates pain when perceived by dogs, but can not be heard by humans?	What is the frequency that creates pain when heard by dogs, but can not be perceived by humans?
How can I apply pan card with initial in surname or last name for reprinting my pan card?	How can I apply pan card with last in surname or initial name for reprinting my pan card?
How can we earn money online easily without any kind of investment?	How can We earn money easily on online without any kind of investment?
Why are men more attracted to women with long hair than short hair? What is the psychology behind the majority of men preferring long hair on women?	Why are men more attracted to women with short hair than long hair? What is the psychology behind the majority of men preferring short hair on women?
I can not follow anyone following request on insta coz when I do it suddenly changes from requested to send again?	I can not send anyone following request on insta coz when I do it suddenly changes from requested to follow again?
Is loving essentially begging?	Is begging essentially loving?
How is the British pound stronger than the US dollar when there is clearly more demand for the latter than the former?	How is the British pound stronger than the US dollar, when there is clearly more demand for the latter than the former?
How do I report a bug/loophole on Quora? What will I get for that?	How do I get a bug/loophole on Quora? What will I report for that?
I want to find Kyouran Hey Kids! On classes, but I ca n't play good Piano and I tried to be self taught, can you please help me?	I want to play Kyouran Hey Kids! On Piano, but I ca n't find good classes and I tried to be self taught, can you please help me?
I'm a 30 year old man. My father still controls my life, is abusive, does n't respect my opinions, I ca n't bear it any longer.What should I do?	I'm a 30 year old man. My father still controls my life, is abusive, does n't respect my opinions, I ca n't bear it any longer. What should I do?
I am 21 years old.Sometimes I want to become an IAS officer, sometimes I want to be a sportsman.I am unable to decide what to do.What should I do?	I am 21 years old.Sometimes I want to be an IAS officer, sometimes I want to become a sportsman.I am unable to decide what to do.What should I do?
Is scrapping old 500 and 1000 rupees notes and releasing new 500 and 2000 rupees notes a permanent solution for eradication of black money?	Is releasing new 500 and 2000 rupees notes and scrapping old 500 and 1000 rupees notes a permanent solution for eradication of black money?
Which is more common, a liberal Democrat or a conservative Republican? Why so?	Which is more common, a conservative Democrat or a liberal Republican? Why so?
I am currently pursuing B.E. (IT) at NSIT, Delhi, want to pursue MS from MIT/Stanford/other top American college. I'm a sophomore. What should I do?	I'm currently pursuing B.E. (IT) at NSIT, Delhi, want to pursue MS from MIT/Stanford/other top American college. I am a sophomore. What should I do?
What is the property tax rate in Granville, Ohio? How is it compared to the one of Georgia?	What is the property tax rate in Georgia? How is it compared to the one of Granville, Ohio?
Where can I get all the solutions to the exercise questions of Essential Calculus: Early Transcendentals by James Stewart (9th edition)?	Where can I get all the solutions to the exercise questions of Early Calculus: Essential Transcendentals by James Stewart (9th edition)?
How do you perform a factory restore on a gateway laptop, and how does the procedure differ for other laptop brands?	How do you restore a factory perform on a gateway laptop, and how does the procedure differ for other laptop brands?
My JBL flip 3 has stopped working the moment I did a software upgrade through JBL connect app and it's not starting what should I do?	My JBL flip 3 has stopped working the moment I did a software upgrade through JBL connect app and it's not starting wht should I do?
Which is the cheapest flight from anywhere in South America to Europe?	Which is the cheapest flight from anywhere in Europe to South America?
How do I reverse the words in a String without reversing each character and not using builtin functions like split and substring in C #?	How do I reverse the words in a String without using each character and not reversing built in functions like split and sub string in C #?
Why did Wikipedia hide its audit history for (superluminal) successful speed experiments?	Why did Wikipedia hide its audit history for (successful) superluminal speed experiments?
How do accounts receivable and accounts payable differ?	How do accounts payable and accounts receivable differ?
Is an adopted Chinese person without Chinese friends or family as smart as one connected to the collective?	Is an adopted Chinese person without collective friends or family as smart as one connected to the Chinese?
I have 90% in 10th grade, 87% in 12th grade and 68% in graduation. How is my profile for any of the IIMs?	I have 90% in 12th grade, 87% in 10th grade and 68% in graduation. How is my profile for any of the IIMs?
Is carbon dioxide an ionic bond or a covalent bond?	Is carbon dioxide an covalent bond or a ionic bond?
How did Hillary Clinton win the popular vote but Donald Trump win the election?	How did Donald Trump win the popular vote but Hillary Clinton win the election?
Is dark energy, vacuum energy and infinite energy potential?	Is dark energy and vacuum energy potential energy infinite?
What is perfect competition? Does it exist in the real world?	What is real competition? Does it exist in the perfect world?
What are the most efficient real time audio filtering algos/command line tools (to be integrated with my app) for filtering live samples from a microphone, which is audio to be streamed on rtp protocol for further voice chat?	What are the most efficient real time audio filtering algos/command line tools (to be integrated with my app) for filtering audio samples from a microphone, which is further to be streamed on rtp protocol for live voice chat?
What are the weakest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the strongest majors at Murray State?	What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Murray State?
What are the weakest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the strongest majors at Hunter College?	What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Hunter College?
Bangkok vs Shanghai?	Shanghai vs Bangkok?
``How do you say`` Miss you, too, ``in Spanish? Are there multiple ways to say it? ''	How do you say ``Miss you too ''in Spanish, are there multiple ways to say it?
What makes a person simple, or inversely, complicated?	What makes a person complicated, or inversely, simple?
How can I scrape specific information of a website using python, and then print that information out using Django?	How can I scrape specific information of a website using Django, and then scrape that information out using Python?
Why win olympians bite medal after they do it?	Why do olympians bite medal after they win it?
How reliable is wifi calling for AT & T vs. Verizon vs. T-Mobile vs. FaceTime audio calls?	How reliable is wifi calling for Verizon vs. AT & T vs. T-Mobile vs. FaceTime audio calls?
Why did n't Jasper Cillessen replace Louis Van Gaal with Tim Krul for the penalty shootouts in the Netherlands-Argentina game?	Why did n't Louis Van Gaal replace Jasper Cillessen with Tim Krul for the penalty shootouts in the Netherlands-Argentina game?
I need to know, whether my darling is unfaithful. Can I remotely install a spy software on his android phone?	I need to know, whether my darling is android. Can I remotely install a spy software on his unfaithful phone?
Why is a company's operating cash flow negative but its net profit is positive?	Why is a company's operating cash flow positive but its net profit is negative?
Do Muslim women have to wear a jilbab? Is it possible to wear wide pants, and a long-sleeved thick shirt with a hijab?	Do Muslim women have to wear a jilbab? Is it possible to wear long-sleeved wide shirt, and a thick pants with a hijab?
Which is more beneficial: boiled egg, half-fried egg, or omelette?	Which is more beneficial: fried egg, half-boiled egg, or omelette?
Which is the best (and maybe the cheapest) 3G plan for unlimited internet in India?	Which is the cheapest (and maybe the best) 3G plan for unlimited internet in India?
What kind of chemical bond is CaCl2? Is it ionic, covalent, or both?	What kind of ionic, chemical bond is CaCl2? Is it covalent, or both?
Do insect bites heal faster/itch less if you squeeze the clear liquid from them?	Do insect bites heal less/itch faster if you squeeze the clear liquid from them?
What is the difference between dominant trait and recessive trait?	What is the difference between recessive trait and dominant trait?
Are cisgender women culturally appropriating from transgender women?	Are transgender women culturally appropriating from cisgender women?
How do you feel about white people adopting black children?	How do you feel about black people adopting white children?
What courses (for good jobs) are most important to be a professional electrical and electronic/communication engineer?	What courses (for professional electrical and electronic jobs) are most important to be a good/communication engineer?
How cold can the Gobi Desert get, and how do its average temperatures compare to the ones in the Registan Desert?	How cold can the Registan Desert get, and how do its average temperatures compare to the ones in the Gobi Desert?
How can I come out of break up? My boyfriend broke up and it's heart wrenching.I need quick remedies. How can I concentrate and move on?	How can I come out of break up? My boyfriend broke up and it's heart wrenching.I need quick remedies.How can I concentrate and move on?
What are most efficient real time audio filtering algos/command line tools (to be inegrated with my app) for filtering live samples from microphone which is streamed to be audio on rtp protocol for further voice chat?	What are most efficient real time audio filtering algos/command line tools (to be inegrated with my app) for filtering audio samples from microphone which is further to be streamed on rtp protocol for live voice chat?
Does setting the air conditioning in a car to a lower level affect the gas mileage more than setting it to a higher level, or use more refrigerant?	Does setting the air conditioning in a car to a higher level affect the gas mileage more than setting it to a lower level, or use more refrigerant?
If a gay man is attracted to a transgender man, does it make him a straight man?	If a transgender man is attracted to a straight man, does it make him a gay man?
How far is Ganpatipule from Pune and how do the tourist attractions of these compare to Chiplun's?	How far is Ganpatipule from Chiplun and how do the tourist attractions of these compare to Pune's?
Which Nobel Prize in Peace was the least deserved based on merit? What other motivations did the committee have for bestowing this ``dubious ''award?	Which Nobel Prize in Peace was the least deserved based on merit? What dubious motivations did the committee have for bestowing this ``other ''award?
How much can a top code boot camp graduate expect to earn right out of the program if they have a non-CS but recent bachelor's degree from a technical university, and zero work experience in programming/tech?	How much can a recent code boot camp graduate expect to earn right out of the program if they have a technical but non-CS bachelor's degree from a top university, and zero work experience in programming/tech?
What are my chances of getting into MIT for a graduation program, if I have bad results in my university, but my high school grades were great?	What are my chances of getting into MIT for a grad program if I have great results in my uni, but my high school grades were bad?
What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Truman State?	What are the weakest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the strongest majors at Truman State?
If gravitational/dark/vacuum/infinite energy can be created as universe expands, does it mean that their potentiality or potential energy is infinite?	If infinite dark/vacuum/gravitational energy can be created as universe expands, does it mean that their potentiality or potential energy is infinite?
Why am I unable to cancel recently booked tickets that I wish to see on my IRCTC account?	Why am I unable to see recently booked tickets that I wish to cancel on my IRCTC account?
My Dad opened a new showroom. It is a gift shop, gift flourishing stuff. How can I help him in packing it?	My Dad opened a new showroom. It is a gift shop, gift packing stuff. How can I help him in flourishing it?
In electrostatics, when plates of a capacitor start conducting charge and medium between the plates become slightly losing, is a magnetic field created?	In electrostatics, when plates of a capacitor start losing charge and medium betwn the plates become slightly conducting is a magnetic field created?
Is the reason white women are attracted to black men when they get older because they are initially afraid of them as children?	Is the reason black women are attracted to white men when they get older that they are initially afraid of them as children?
Why is it harder for Asian men than for black men, to get white women?	Why is it harder for black men to get Asian women than for white men?
Most of God's high profile devotees accepted him as Sathya Sai Baba only after going through a rough patch in their personal/professional life and subsequently were rescued through his miracles. How true is this? Are there any exceptions?	Most of Sathya Sai Baba's high profile devotees accepted him as God only after going through a rough patch in their personal/professional life and subsequently were rescued through his miracles. How true is this? Are there any exceptions?
What is the difference between procedural law and substantive law?	What is the difference between substantive law and procedural law?
``What is the difference between`` seeing someone, ```` dating someone, ``and`` having a girlfriend/boyfriend ``? ''	What is the difference between dating someone, seeing someone and having a girlfriend/boyfriend?
Are distilled water and filtered water the same?	Are filtered water and distilled water the same?
What do you think about the decision by the Indian Government to demonetise 500 rupees and 1000 rupees notes?	What do you think about decision by the Indian Government to demonetise 500 and 1000 rupees note?
How does demonetizing the Rs 500 and 1000 currencies affects Swiss economy? How this affects the black money in Indian accounts?	How is demonetizing the Rs 500 and 1000 currencies affects Indian economy? How this affect the black money in Swiss accounts?
Is traditional art better than modern art?	Is modern art better than traditional art?
How do you find a Western girlfriend as a Chinese?	How do you find a Western Girlfriend as a Chinese?
Which is more interesting: mechanical engineering or civil engineering?	Which is more interesting: civil engineering or mechanical engineering?
Can Christopher Nolan be compared to Stanley Kubrick?	Can Stanley Kubrick be compared to Christopher Nolan?
What is the difference between the single pointer and double pointer?	What is the difference between the double pointer and single pointer?
How do you fix the iOS problem ``this update is not available for this Apple ID either because it was bought by a different user or the item was refunded or cancelled ''? What is causing this problem?	``How do you fix the iOS problem`` this update is not available for this Apple ID either because it was bought by a different user or the item was refunded or cancelled ``? What is causing this problem? ''
Is it possible to gain fat and lose muscle simultaneously?	Is it possible to lose fat and gain muscle simultaneously?
What is the difference between different types of companies like private limited company, public limited company, etc..?	What is the difference between different types of companies like public limited company, private limited company, etc..?
In computer programming, is it true that a recursion will work better for finding all possible paths than nested loops?	In computer programming, is it possible that a recursion will work better for finding all true paths than nested loops?
Who pays for Hillary's campaigning for Obama?	Who pays for Obama's campaigning for Hillary?
How was the Empire State building built and designed? How is it used?	How is the Empire State building used? How was it built and designed?
Can someone listen to only Metal? (Not ACDC and Led Zeppelin but heavy stuff) Do you or does anyone else you know listen to only Metal? Is it possible?	Can someone listen to Not Metal? (only ACDC and Led Zeppelin but heavy stuff) Do you or does anyone else you know listen to only Metal? Is it possible?
How is Hillary Clinton a better choice than Donald Trump?	How is Donald Trump a better choice than Hillary Clinton?
What are the most common traffic convictions in Texas, and how does the severity of the convictions differ in Arkansas?	What are the most common traffic convictions in Arkansas, and how does the severity of the convictions differ in Texas?
I was born in USA but moved to UK immediately. I was an automatic UK citizen due to my parents. Do I have dual citizenship with U.K. and USA?	I was born in UK but moved to USA immediately. I was an automatic USA citizen due to my parents. Do I have dual citizenship with U.K. And USA?
What are the new features of the pre- 2016 MacBook Pro?	What are the features of the new 2016 MacBook Pro?
Why are traditional desktop environments, e.g. Xfce, MATE, etc., more productive than the modern touch interface desktops, e.g. Unity, GNOME, etc..?	Why are modern desktop environments, e.g. XFCE, MATE, etc., more productive than the traditional touch interface desktops, e.g. Unity, GNOME, etc.?
What are the most common traffic convictions in Arkansas, and how does the severity of the convictions differ in Connecticut?	What are the most common traffic convictions in Connecticut, and how does the severity of the convictions differ in Arkansas?
My concepts are clear I work hard but when I give mock test at aakash (medical 12thclass) I end up getting 340! Its very demotivating what to do?	My concepts are clear I work hard but when I give medical test at aakash (mock 12thclass) I end up getting 340! Its very demotivating what to do?
What is right assessment about Sadguru Jaggi Vasudev? Is he just loquacious or really attained knowledge and wisdom that saints are known to possess?	What is right assessment about Sadguru Jaggi Vasudev? Is he really loquacious or just attained knowledge and wisdom that saints are known to possess?
Does he like me or do I annoy him?	Does he annoy me or do I like him?
Can you see a fire before you hear/smell it?	Can you smell a fire before you hear/see it?
What is the major difference between the Intel i3 6th gen processor and Intel i3 5th gen processor?	What is the major difference between the Intel i3 5th gen processor and Intel i3 6th gen processor?
What are some of the good so-called Indian `Art-films'?	What are some of the Indian so-called good `Art-films'?
If energy is not conserved in an expanding universe, is infinite energy potential (the energy that can be created is infinite)?	If energy is not conserved in an expanding universe, is potential energy infinite (the energy that can be created is infinite)?
What if Phoebe Buffay met Sheldon Cooper?	What if Sheldon Cooper met Phoebe Buffay?
How are nested while loops applied in Java?	How are applied while loops nested in Java?
What is the sum of the square roots of first n natural number?	What is the sum of the square roots of first n natural numbers?
What are the driving rules in Illinois versus Georgia?	What are the driving rules in Georgia versus Illinois?
A debilitated and retro mercury in parivartan yoga with jupiter, will it frutify in it's dasa (20/04/78 7: 20 am Lucknow Uttar Pradesh India)?	A parivartan mercury in debilitated and retro yoga with jupiter, will it frutify in it's dasa (20/04/78 7: 20 am Lucknow Uttar Pradesh India)?
Why is Roman Saini not so active on Quora now a days?	Why is Roman Saini not so active on Quora nowadays?
If I receive a message, then block the person will they still send that message?	If I send a message then block the person will they still receive that message?
Do I need to get NOC from Kolkata if I need to bring my West Bengal registered car to Bangalore for 6-8 months? I will be back after that time?	Do I need to get NOC from Bangalore, if I need to bring my West Bengal registered car to Kolkata for 6-8 months? I will be back after that time?
How can the drive from Edmonton to Auckland be described, and how do these cities' attractions compare to those in London?	How can the drive from London to Auckland be described, and how do these cities' attractions compare to those in Edmonton?
How do I recover photos I've deleted, then sent and received on Instagram direct messaging?	How do I recover photos I've sent and received, then deleted on Instagram direct messaging?
Someone deleted me on Snapchat so I deleted them later. Then they appeared in the added me list. Does this mean they added me again?	Someone added me on Snapchat so I deleted them later. Then they appeared in the added me list. Does this mean they deleted me again?
WhatsApp: If someone unblock me on WhatsApp and I send him/her a message. Will that message be delivered to that person, when he/she block me again?	WhatsApp: If someone block me on WhatsApp and I send him/her a message. Will that message be delivered to that person, when he/she unblock me again?
Why does it hurt when we bite our tongue intentionally than it does unintentionally?	Why does it hurt when we bite our tongue unintentionally than it does intentionally?
Where can I get friendly assistance in Sydney of any knowledgeable conveyancing solicitor?	Where can I get knowledgeable assistance in Sydney of any friendly conveyancing solicitor?
What emotions are experienced by an orthodox girl, from an unmarried Muslim family, when she is being undressed for her first time sex?	What emotions are experienced by an unmarried Muslim girl, from an orthodox family, when she is being undressed for her first time sex?
In Batman movies by Christian Bale, is it really Nolan when he wears the suit?	In Batman movies by Nolan, is it really Christian Bale when he wears the suit?
Can a bad person become good?	Can a good person become bad?
How applicable theory automata in text processing?	How automata theory applicable in text processing?
Why does extra-tropical cyclone not have name like tropical cyclone?	Why does tropical cyclone not have name like extra-tropical cyclone?
What are some best ways to earn money without regular investment or fixed monetary job?	What are some best ways to earn money without monetary investment or fixed regular job?
Why is it considered unacceptable to use other people's words to express your ideas without attributing them and quoting their source?	Why is it considered unacceptable to use other people's words to express your ideas without quoting them and attributing their source?
Why are the tidal lakes not great?	Why are the great lakes not tidal?
Is housing more reasonable in the MIdwest than on Coasts, Minneapolis, Cincinnati, Kansas City?	Is housing more reasonable in the Mid west than on Coasts, Kansas City, Cincinnati, Minneapolis?
How do I plan a 10-15 day trip to Europe from India? What are the cheapest places to visit? What are some tips for better travel?	How do I plan a 10-15 day trip to Europe from India? What are the best places to visit? What are some tips to cheapest travel?
Can an infinite amount of dark or vacuum or gravitational energy be created with expansion?	Can an infinite amount of gravitational or vacuum or dark energy be created with expansion?
Does Kim Jong Un buy her pants and shirts at the same place Hillary does? (Seriously!)	Does Hillary buy her pants and shirts at the same place Kim Jong Un does? (Seriously!)
If I have someone blocked on Instagram, and see their story, can they view I viewed it?	If I have someone blocked on Instagram, and view their story, can they see I viewed it?
What is the difference between public schools and private schools?	What is the difference between private schools and public schools?
How good is dual n back and what are a normal persons results with it?	How dual is good n back and what are a normal persons results with it?
How do I change my hairs colour from black to brown naturally?	How do I change my hair colour from brown to black naturally?
Brain Teasers: Johnny's mother had three children. The first child was named April. The second child was named May. What was the third child's name?	Brain Teasers: Johnny's mother had three children. The third child was named April. The second child was named May. What was the first child's name?
Can one use quantum states to describe the geometry of a differential spacetime? (Both represented as curved forms)	Can one use quantum states to describe the geometry of a curved spacetime? (Both represented as differential forms)
I'm a CA resident. I formed an LLC in Hawaii on Dec 2015. This iPhone app was never launched. Do I need to pay the $800 CA franchise tax for 2016?	I'm a Hawaii resident. I formed an LLC in CA on Dec 2015. This iPhone app was never launched. Do I need to pay the $800 CA franchise tax for 2016?
Amongst the major IT companies of India which is the best; Wipro, Capgemini, Infosys, TCS or is Oracle the best?	Amongst the major IT companies of India which is the best TCS, Infosys, Wipro, Capgemini is Oracle the best?
What are the differences between the poor and the rich?	What are the differences between the rich and the poor?
Why did Louis Van Gaal replace Jasper Cillessen with Tim Krul for the penalty shootouts in the Netherlands-Costa Rica game?	Why did Jasper Cillessen replace Louis Van Gaal with Tim Krul for the penalty shootouts in the Netherlands-Costa Rica game?
Why does Ernest W Adams constantly comment on other peoples answers yet blocks comments on his?	Why does Ernest W Adams constantly comment on other peoples blocks yet answers comments on his?
What is the best way to lose weight and not gain it back?	What is the best way to gain weight and not lose it back?
I am currently appearing and ca n't leave my job. I want to appear for Indian Statistical Services. UPSC site says that I need to have a PG degree in stats. For that I am thinking of obtaining a PG diploma from IGNOU. Will I still be eligible for working for the ISS exam?	I am currently working and ca n't leave my job. I want to appear for Indian Statistical Services. UPSC site says that I need to have a PG degree in stats. For that I am thinking of obtaining a PG diploma from IGNOU. Will I still be eligible for appearing for the ISS exam?
How do I get a 24 Rs. free recharge by the Idea free mobile recharge app through a referral?	How do I get a 24 Rs. free mobile recharge by the Idea free recharge app through a referral?
How much mass does Saturn lose each year? How much mass does it gain?	How much mass does Saturn gain each year? How much mass does it lose?
Is classical/contemporary classical music superior to popular music?	Is popular music superior to classical/contemporary classical music?
What is a cheap healthy diet, I can keep the same and eat every day?	What is a cheap healthy diet I can keep the same and eat every day?
Is there a salad place in Mississauga or Toronto similar to Sweet Tomatoes in California?	Is there a salad place in California similar to Sweet Tomatoes in Mississauga or Toronto?
What were the major effects of the cambodia earthquake, and how do these effects compare to the Banda Sea earthquake in 1938?	What were the major effects of the Banda Sea earthquake, and how do these effects compare to the cambodian earthquake in 1938?
Do Indian women in the U.S. find disgusting young men?	Do young women in the U.S. find Indian men disgusting?
Wipro, Accenture, Capgemini, Infosys, Cognizant, TCS: Which company is the best company to join?	Capgemini, Accenture, Cognizant, TCS, Infosys, Wipro: Which company is the best company to join?
What is it like to be beautiful? Not just pretty or hot, but the kind of almost objective beauty that people are sometimes intimidated by?	What is it like to be beauty? Not just pretty or hot, but the kind of almost beautiful objective that people are sometimes intimidated by?
Is speaking French in Quebec with a slight/heavy English accent, worse on the job market than Haitan French accent, Arabic, Latino, Vietnamese etc..?	Is speaking French in Quebec with a slight/Haitan English accent, worse on the job market than heavy French accent, Arabic, Latino, Vietnamese etc..?
What are the main imports and exports of Venezuela, and how does Mexico's industry compare to Venezuela's?	What are the main imports and exports of Venezuela, and how does Venezuela's industry compare to Mexico's?
What is the Prefix in SMS Message ID TM, TD, TA, TZ, AM, DZ, DM, VE, AT, VT, LM, VG, MD, MM, DT, BA, DD, BZ in Indian Bulk SMS Services?	What is the Prefix in Message ID TM, TD, TA, TZ, AM, DZ, DM, VE, BZ, VT, LM, VG, AT, MM, DT, MD, DD, BA in Indian Bulk SMS Services?
Why is Russia considered neither Asian nor European?	Why is Russia considered neither European nor Asian?
Why is FYROM trying to steal great history and the heritage of Alexander the Greek?	Why is FYROM trying to steal Greek history and the heritage of Alexander the great?
``How much worse do things need to get before the`` blue ``states cut off welfare to the`` red ``states? ''	How much worse do things need to get before the ``red ''states cut off welfare to the`` blue'' states?
On which foreign online website can I watch free movies, with English subtitles?	On which online free website can I watch foreign movies with English subtitles?
For GATE (ME, 2019), how should I crack up myself? Will only self study with sound conception be enough to boost this?	For GATE (ME, 2019), how should I boost up myself? Will only self study with sound conception be enough to crack this?
Startup (scalable) med device class 1, 2. Glove, syr etc.. Bulk repackage priv. label.Looking for full info on multipurpose lo tech machine (s) < 100K?	Startup (multipurpose) med device class 1, 2. Glove, syr etc.. Bulk repackage priv. label.Looking for full info on scalable lo tech machine (s) < 100K? ``, ''
Why are some swimming pools considered'ompetitive 'for fast swimmers?	Why are some swimming pools considered `fast'for competitive swimmers?
How can I simulate a spiceorder while trying to define Eagle schematic through LTC Spice?	How can I define a spiceorder while trying to simulate Eagle schematic through LTC Spice?
How useful is Lipton's bottled citrus green tea? Is it healthy for losing weight?	How healthy is Lipton's bottled citrus green tea? Is it useful for losing weight?
How cold can the Karakum Desert get, and how do its average temperatures compare to the ones in the Gobi Desert?	How cold can the Gobi Desert get, and how do its average temperatures compare to the ones in the Karakum Desert?
Is it common to go from being lovebombed straight to being discarded? I did n't see this coming?	Is it common to go from being discarded straight to being love-bombed? I did n't see this coming
How can I get an iTunes gift card code generator to use free cards?	How can I use an iTunes gift card code generator to get free cards?
Find the linear differential solution of this particular equation?	Find the particular solution of this linear differential equation?
I have a Tatkal ticket wait list 3. After the chart is prepared, can I travel with the general ticket in the same compartment?	I have a Tatkal ticket wait list 3. After the chart is prepared, can I travel with the same ticket in the general compartment?
What are some energetic words for a person who shifts from Chennai to Tirupur?	What are some energetic words for a person who shifts from Tirupur to Chennai?
Do Jewish families in the U.S. earn more than Indian families?	Do Indian families in the U.S. earn more than Jewish families?
Is reading music while listening not recommended?	Is listening music while reading not recommended?
If you are between two galaxies, will you be able to see for an example the Milky Way Galaxy as a whole the way we're told by pictures or is it at such an enormous distance that you only see small lights as we see stars in the sky?	If you're between two galaxies, will you be able to see for an example the Milky Way Galaxy as a whole the way we are told by pictures or is it at such an enormous distance that you only see small lights as we see stars in the sky?
Is Fantasy cricket leauge is safe in India? Can I give bank account details to them and will it be legit and safe?	Is Fantasy cricket leauge is legit and safe in India? Can I give bank account details to them and will it be safe?
How cold can the Gobi Desert get, and how do its average temperatures compare to the ones in the Great Basin Desert?	How cold can the Great Basin Desert get, and how do its average temperatures compare to the ones in the Gobi Desert?
Is the general population `intelligent'or do they think that with an average intelligence?	Is the general population `intelligent 'or do they think that with an average intelligence?
Why did Hermione showed no expression when she heard Luna torturing scream?	Why did Luna showed no expression when she heard Hermione torturing scream?
Can my dog actually count? If I offer him a choice between 2 or 3 of something he always picks the larger amount.	Can my dog always count? If I offer him a choice between 2 or 3 of something he actually picks the larger amount.
Could someone tell of a James Ronsey (misspelled likely), writer and filmmaker, probably of the British Isles?	Could someone tell of James Ronsey (misspelled probably), writer and filmmaker, likely of the British Isles?
Would the American voters rather want their candidate to win honestly or their opponent to win dishonestly?	Would the American voters rather their candidate win dishonestly or their opponent win honestly?
Why do the United States prefer electing their presidents by popular vote instead of electoral vote?	Why do the United States prefer electing their presidents by electoral vote instead of popular vote?
Where can I find any only Java hosting out there for reliable and cheap testing purposes?	Where can I find any reliable and cheap Java hosting out there for only testing purposes?
Why does 500 and 1000 Rs notes banned by GOI and new notes of 500 and 2000 are issued?	Why does 500 and 1000 Rs notes issued by GOI and new notes of 500 and 2000 are banned?
Is there something in black money that helps to find new 2000 note?	Is there something in 2000 new note that helps to find black money?
We have an office for sales operations I need someone who wants to provide one how many shares should I give out?	We need an office for sales operations I have someone who wants to provide one how much shares should I give out?
Was increasing funding to protect Benghazi before the attack denied by Congress. If so, who voted against it?	Was increased funding to protect Benghazi before the attack denied by Congress. If so, who voted against it?
Why do n't Jill Stein supporters choose Bernie Sanders as obvious positive alternative to Hillary Clinton?	Why do n't Bernie Sanders supporters choose Jill Stein as obvious positive alternative to Hillary Clinton?
If a person wants to open a website and app like Flipkart, is it compulsory to make a registered patnership company? Is it ok if we do n't open a company?	If a person wants to open a website and company like Flipkart, is it compulsory to open a registered patnership company? Is it ok if we do n't make an app?
Where can I buy sweet purple potatoes in the UK?	Where can I buy `purple'sweet potatoes in the UK?
``How many temples were actually there by the time when`` Shore temple ``in tamilnadu was built, and how many sank under the bay of Bengal? ''	How many temples were actually there by the time when Shore temple in Bengal was built, and how many sank under the bay of Tamil Nadu?
What happens when you notice someone getting yelled at by almost everyone? Will you follow the herd mentality and think the same thing or do first?	What happens when you notice someone getting yelled at by almost everyone? Will you follow the herd mentality and do the same thing or think first?
Why single are guys smart?	Why are smart guys single?
What are some not-so-boring baby shower games (both men and women attending)?	What are some not-so-attending baby shower games (both men and women boring)?
How can one track whether sent email was read?	How can one track whether a sent email was read?
Who is a Vedic astrologer and super spirituality master?	Who is a super astrologer and Vedic spirituality master?
Which form of materials is good to procure, casted or forged, to reduce the pre-machining time? What is the difference between a sleeve and bar?	Which form of materials is pre-machining to procure, casted or forged, to reduce the good time? What is the difference between a sleeve and bar?
I am 21, I will start appearing for CA IPCC in May 2017. Am I too old to be?	I am 21, I will be appearing for CA IPCC in May 2017. Am I too old to start?
Does Jimmy Wales (of whom I'm a great admirer) feel very much bad about missing out on cashing in a couple of billion dollars, or he is somewhat satisfied about creating such a large pool of freely accessible knowledge?	Does Jimmy Wales (of whom I'm a great admirer) feel somewhat bad about missing out on cashing in a couple of billion dollars, or he is very much satisfied about creating such a large pool of freely accessible knowledge?
How do Indian military and Paramilitary forces keep killing peaceful civilians protestors in Jammu Kashmir?	How do military and Paramilitary forces keep killing protestors and peaceful Indian civilians protestors in Jammu Kashmir?
What are the driving rules in Colorado versus Georgia?	What are the driving rules in Georgia versus Colorado?
How do you describe a poor and a rich person?	How do you describe a rich and a poor person?
What are the similarities and differences between 19th century indians and 21st century indians?	What are the similarities and differences between 21st century indians and 19th century indians?
``Do I need to get NOC from Bangalore if I need to bring my Bangalore registered car to Kolkata for 6-8 months? I will be back after that time. ''	Do I need to get NOC from Kolkata if I need to bring my West Bengal registered car to Bangalore for 6-8 months? I will be back after that time
Would Donald Trump have beat Bernie Sanders?	Would Bernie Sanders have beat Donald Trump?
Which airline has cheap flight from Amsterdam to Jakarta?	What airline has cheap flight from Jakarta to Amsterdam?
What is one thing that you've wanted for a long time, and you have never got it; however, you will probably not be happier if you have it?	What is one thing that you have wanted for a long time, and you've never got it; however, you will probably not be happier if you have it?
My father has many new technologies with him (many fields) who can he approach to get it implemented (to get it financed)?	My father has many new technologies with him (many fields) who can he approach to get it financed (to get it implemented)?
Do white people consider themselves Asian?	Do Asian people consider themselves white?
My blood type is O positive. My husband is B positive. My first child is O negative. Will this affect my second child?	My blood type is' 'negative. My husband is company' positive. My first child is' 'positive. Will this affect my second child?
What is the easiest, painless, cheapest way to commit suicide?	What is the cheapest, painless, easiest way to commit suicide?
Why did Akhilesh Yadav expel Mulayam Singh Yadav from Samajwadi Party? What do you think about it?	Why did Mulayam Singh Yadav expel Akhilesh Yadav from Samajwadi Party? What do you think about it?
I truly desire to know what interesting jobs there are in the world (I'm aware this is relative). Which careers involve high levels of social and/or physical activity? (I.e. Not in an office).	I truly desire to know what relative jobs, there are in the world (I'm aware this is interesting). Which careers involve high levels of social and/or physical activity? (I.e. Not in an office).
What does malaligned anterior teeth both in upper and lower jaws mean?	What does malaligned upper teeth both in anterior and lower jaws mean?
What is the property tax rate in Connecticut? How is it compared to the one of Granville, Ohio?	What is the property tax rate in Granville, Ohio? How is it compared to the one of Connecticut?
I am planning to join Cognizant (CTS), USA and heard these rumors that, even if they promised, they do n't apply for green cards for their employees. What are the facts behind this?	I am planning to join CTS (Cognizant), USA and heard these rumors that even if they promised, they do n't apply for green cards for their employees. What are the facts behind this?
What is the difference between a private limited company and a public limited company?	What is the difference between a public limited company and a private limited company?
Why do people believe the earth is flat when clearly earth is round from space?	Why do people believe the earth is flat when round earth is clearly from space?
Should Indian IT service companies like TCS, Infosys and Wipro work for the development of our country by investing at least some percent of their cash flow to create good innovative products or services?	Should Indian IT service companies like Wipro, Infosys and TCS work for the development of our country by investing at least some percent of their cash flow to create good innovative products or services?
How can I alleviate hamstring pain while stretching after lifting?	How can I alleviate hamstring pain while lifting after stretching?
What is the difference between, anticipatory bail, regular bail, and interim bail?	What is the difference between, anticipatory bail, interim bail, and regular bail?
I recently bought a MacBook Pro Retina. I am observing a yellow tint in the display. I can clearly see the difference as I have another MacBook with no yellowish tint. Has anyone else faced the same problem?	I recently bought a MacBook Pro Retina. I am observing a yellowish tint in the display. I can clearly see the difference as I have another MacBook with no yellow tint. Has anyone else faced the same problem?
If I have a work iPhone and a separate IPhone (2 separate numbers), what is the best way for me to sync contacts, calendars, and reminders between them? Do I give both of them the same Apple ID and iCloud ID? 2 personal Apple IDs and a common iCloud ID?	If I have a work iPhone and a personal IPhone (2 separate numbers), what is the best way for me to sync contacts, calendars, and reminders between them? Do I give both of them the same Apple ID and iCloud ID? 2 separate Apple IDs and a common iCloud ID?
If you could choose one superpower, what would you have and why?	If you could have one superpower, what would you choose and why?
Why do people believe the earth is flat when clearly earth is round from space?	Why do people believe the earth is flat when round earth is clearly from space?
What is the difference between Western culture and Chinese culture?	What is the difference between Chinese culture and Western culture?
Is lamb meat considered a red meat or a white meat?	Is lamb meat considered a white meat or a red meat?
Why are difficult to read contemporary books compared to classic books?	Why are classic books difficult to read compared to contemporary books?
How helpful is the made easy postal coaching for mechanical?	How helpful is the made mechanical coaching for easy postal?
How is Donald Trump better than Hillary Clinton?	How is Hillary Clinton better than Donald Trump?
What are the fastest and easiest ways to lose weight?	What are the easiest and the fastest ways to lose weight?
``How can I inspect someones Facebook Email ID in`` find element? ``	``How can I find someones Facebook Email ID in`` inspect element? ``
What should be the weekly plan if someone wants to become great in competitive programming?	What should be the great plan if someone wants to become competitive in weekly programming?
Is a sea of massive gravitons what ripples when galaxy clusters collide and waves it, what is in a double slit experiment?	Is a sea of massive gravitons what ripples when galaxy clusters collide and is it what waves in a double slit experiment?
Which type of relationship is more than friendship and less than love?	Which type of relationship is less than love and more than friendship?
How can I apply pan card with initial in surname or last name for reprinting my pan card?	How can I apply pan card with last in surname or initial name for reprinting my pan card?
If a person wants to open a website and app like Flipkart, is it compulsory to open a registered partnership company? Is it okay if we do n't make a company?	If a person wants to open a website and app like Flipkart, is it compulsory to make a registered partnership company? Is it okay if we do n't open a company?
How can condensed milk be substituted for evaporated milk?	How can evaporated milk be substituted for condensed milk?
How do American weddings work compared to Canadian weddings?	How do Canadian weddings work compared to American weddings?
I want to correct my name in my degree certificates. How do I apply to change it?	I want to change my name in my degree certificates. How do I apply to correct it?
How do Greek weddings work compared to American weddings?	How do American weddings work compared to Greek weddings?
What it means if another girl whom you assume to like your bf (ex now) saves your number on whatsApp to keep a tab or be like you? Read below	What it means if another girl whom you assume to be your bf (ex now) saves your number on WhatsApp to keep a tab or like you? Read below.
Can you give me 5 examples of homogeneous mixtures and substance and 5 heterogeneous mixtures?	Can you give me 5 examples of heterogeneous mixtures and substance and 5 homogeneous mixtures?
Can static friction ever be less than or equal to kinetic friction? If yes, what would an example be?	Can kinetic friction ever be less than or equal to static friction? If yes, what would an example be?
Calculate the distance of the object of height h from a concave mirror of focal length 10cm so as to obtain an real image of magnification?	Calculate the distance of the object of height h from a concave mirror of real length 10cm so as to obtain a focal image of magnification?
Why is American Ikea food so bad but Canadian Ikea food is way better?	Why is Canadian Ikea food so bad but American Ikea food is way better?
Would you pick yourself given the chance? What name would you rename? Why?	Would you rename yourself given the chance? What name would you pick? Why?
Why do n't Muslim refugees go to Middle Eastern countries instead of going to Europe?	Why do n't Middle Eastern refugees go to Muslim countries instead of going to Europe?
What is the best way to treat an itchy puncture wound that is approximately an inch deep? It is yellow and leaking a clear abdominal fluid.	What is the best way to treat an abdominal puncture wound that is approximately an inch deep? It is itchy and leaking a clear yellow fluid.
If I graduate from Harvard Law (and pass the american bar) and I'm Canadian, can I practice Law in France or England?	If I graduate from Harvard Law (and pass the Canadian bar) and I'm american, can I practice Law in France or England?
Are there lot of East Asian women that are attracted to Mexican men (Korean, Japanese, Chinese)?	Are there lot of Mexican women that are attracted to East Asian men (Korean, Japanese, Chinese)?
What are the driving rules in Arkansas versus Georgia?	What are the driving rules in Georgia versus Arkansas?
What is the best way to become more logical and less emotional?	What is the best way to become less emotional and more logical?
How is Western culture destroying Indian culture?	How is Indian culture destroying Western culture?
The first code gets compile and run but second is not compiled in my computer.It is that says function is dangerous.why?	The first code is compile and run but second is not compiled in my computer.It says that gets function is dangerous.why?
How can I stay fit, keep vital, be full of energy, healthy and live longer?	How can I stay healthy, keep fit, be full of energy, vital and live longer?
Approximately, how many Indian CSM's (Certified Scrum Master)'s are there? How many go ahead to become a Certified Product Owner and later Scrum Coach? Are there any numbers for these?	Approximately, how many Indian CSM's (Certified Scrum Master) are there? How many later, go ahead to become a Product Owner and Certified Scrum Coach? Are there any numbers for these?
Why are Asian male and white female couples much more common than white male and Asian female couples?	Why are white male and Asian female couples much more common than Asian male and white female couples?
Do International relations MA from US universities transfer over to the UK? How do US employers view IR MA's from UK universities?	Do International relations MA from UK universities transfer over to the US? How do US employers view IR MA's from UK universities?
Can PlayStation 3 games be emulated (ran?) on a PC? If yes, then what is the recommended way to do it?	Can PlayStation 3 games be ran (emulated?) on a PC? If yes, then what is the recommended way to do it?
Could genetic differences in ethnic groups be great enough to technically classify various ethnic groups as subspecies of homo sapiens?	Could genetic differences in various ethnic groups be great enough to technically classify ethnic groups as subspecies of homo sapiens?
So how does introducing 500, 2000 rs and banning 1000 rs will curb corruption?	So how does banning 500, 1000 rs and introducing 2000 rs will curb corruption?
How do I change my SBI register mobile number online?	How do I change my SBI mobile number online?
``Does a black man have to be`` exceptional ``in order for white and latina woman to consider dating him? ''	``Does a white man have to be`` exceptional ``in order for black and latina woman to consider dating him? ''
What are the most dangerous cities in United States? How did they become so criminal?	What are the most criminal cities in United States? How did they become so dangerous?
What are Hillary Clinton's chances against Donald Trump in a general election?	What are Donald Trump's chances against Hillary Clinton in a general election?
As universe expands without limit, dark/vacuum energies are created too so is the energy that can be created (potential energy/potentiality) infinite?	As universe expands without limit vacuum energies are created too, so is the energy that can be created (dark energy/potentiality) potential?
How do I recover my lost Gmail password if I do n't remember the same number and do n't have the recovery email?	How do I recover my lost Gmail password if I do n't have the same number and do n't remember the recovery email?
My boyfriend does n't text me first. I always have to text him first, and after I text him first, he often does n't text me back. Why?	My boyfriend does n't text me first. I always have to text him first, and after I text him back, he often does n't text me first. Why?
I have applied online for a SBI scholar loan. I have uploaded the documents' images. What is the entire process? How much time does it take to complete the further procedures?	I have applied online for an SBI scholar loan. I have uploaded the documents' images. What is the further process? How much time does it take to complete the entire procedure?
How can I avail business loan from Mudra Bank? What all documents I need to prepare for the same?	How can I avail business loan from Mudra Bank? What all documents I need to prepare for the same.
Is it safe to drive from Texas to California?	Is it safe to drive from California to Texas?
Why do my colored friends hate white people?	Why do my white friends hate colored people?
I forgot the password of my old instagram account that I have n't used for 2 + years. I do n't have any way to reset it, is there a way I can hack it?	I forgot the password of my old instagram account that I have n't used for 2 + years. I do n't have any way to hack it, is there a way I can reset it?
How can I find a job in the UK from US?	How can I find a job in the US from UK?
Is there infinite energy in zero point energy and infinite virtual particles in vacuum energy? Is this a mathematical or just a real thing?	Is there infinite energy in zero point energy and infinite virtual particles in vacuum energy? Is this a real or just a mathematical thing?
What really makes you happy, to save money or to spend money?	What really makes you happier, to spend money or to save money?
What is the effect on the yield curve when governments move from fiscal stimulus to monetary stimulus?	What is the effect on the yield curve when governments move from monetary stimulus to fiscal stimulus?
I'm 20 and I want to know about the stock market. What should I learn?	I'm 20 and I want to learn about the stock market. What should I know?
Since more and more potential dark energy appears does this mean that it is infinite or that the dark energy that can be created is infinite?	Since more and more dark energy appears does this mean that it is infinite or that the potential dark energy that can be created is infinite?
Do people who live in eastern Russia look more Asian or more European?	Do people who live in eastern Russia look more European or more Asian?
Why are obese people chronically dehydrated?	Why are dehydrated people chronically obese?
Why did the Permanent Court of Arbitration vomit the Western Institution itself by making ridiculous and illegal ruling in the world?	Why did the Permanent Court of Arbitration vomit the Western Institution itself by making illegal and ridiculous ruling in the world?
How do I make myself more happy and productive?	How do I make myself more productive and happy?
Can you schedule an Uber ahead of time? How do you do this? Can I set the pickup time in advance?	Can you do an Uber ahead of time? How do you set this? Can I schedule the pickup time in advance?
Uber stated that they are starting to collect cash in India. How does uber collect the cash from the drivers? There so many of them!!! And how often do they accept the cash?	Uber stated that they are starting to accept cash in India. How does uber collect the cash from the drivers? There so many of them!!! And how often do they collect the cash?
What are the long-term and short-term ramifications of UN resolution on Israeli settlements?	What are the short-term and long-term ramifications of UN resolution on Israel settlements?
How is dark/vacuum energy created with the universe conserved if it is not created? Can infinite of these be conserved?	How is dark/vacuum energy created with the universe conserved if it is not conserved? Can infinite of these be created?
Can I make as much money as gambler, ``Zeljko Ranogajec ''which is billion dollars a year in his betting overturn? Is he lucky or is he smart?	Can I make as much money as gambler, ``Zeljko Ranogajec '', which is billion dollars a year in his betting overturn? Is he smart or is he lucky?
Should a person do swimming to know scuba diving?	Should person know swimming to do scuba diving?
Which programming language should I create, if I want to learn (iOS) apps?	Which programming language should I learn if I want to create (iOS) apps?
Do girls date charming fat guys or nerdy slim guys?	Do girls date nerdy slim guys or charming fat guys?
What is comparative politics and how to study the same for upsc optional political science & international relations?	What is international politics and how to study the same for UPSC optional political science & comparative relations?
What if someone cancels demand draft by giving to the bank as LOST after reporting it to someone?	What if someone cancel demand draft by reporting to bank as LOST after giving it to someone?
Can I tell a client that his vendor has violated an NDA that my company and the vendor have signed?	Can I tell a client that his vendor has signed an NDA, that my company and the vendor have violated?
What are the different characteristics of unicellular and multicellular organisms?	What are the different characteristics of multicellular and unicellular organisms?
I am Hindu guy love a Muslim girl.shes willing to go back to her Muslim ex even she dont like him due religion and family restriction.what should I do?	I am Hindu guy who loves a Muslim girl. She is willing to go back to her ex even though she does n't like him but due to Muslim religion and family restriction. What should I do?
What are the rules and regulations when visiting an inmate at Florida prison and how does it compare to prisons in Valdosta?	What are the rules and regulations when visiting an inmate at Valdosta prison and how does it compare to prisons in Florida?
Would I able to travel in a Mumbai local from Virar to Andheri daily around 8am?	Would I able to travel in a Virar local from Mumbai to Andheri daily around 8am?
I am doing MBA but my English is not good because when I was doing presentation then I'm feeling very hesitant and uncomfortable?	I am doing MBA but my English is not good because when I was going presentation then I m feeling very hesitant and uncomfortable?
Organic Chemistry: Why aliphatic amines are more basic than aromatic amines?	Organic Chemistry: Why basic amines are more aromatic than aliphatic amines?
Does it build a CMS to have a site like The Fancy?	Does it have a CMS to build a site like The Fancy?
What magazines & articles will help me find research in economics or at least do research websites in this field?	What magazines & websites will help me do research in economics or at least find research articles in this field?
What are the benefits of doing an MBA after getting an undergraduate degree in agriculture?	What are the benefits of getting an MBA after doing an undergraduate degree in agriculture?
How can the drive from Edmonton to Auckland be described, and how do these cities' attractions compare to those in Vancouver?	How can the drive from Vancouver to Auckland be described, and how do these cities' attractions compare to those in Edmonton?
How do I get iron sulfate monohydrate (30% Fe) in water to dissolve and filter 40 tons of a 20% to 25% w/w Fe stable solution per month?	How do I dissolve and filter iron sulfate monohydrate (30% Fe) in water to get 40 tons of a 20% to 25% w/w Fe stable solution per month?
What are the main imports and exports of Venezuela, and how does Venezuela's industry compare to Uruguay's?	What are the main imports and exports of Venezuela, and how does Uruguay's industry compare to Venezuela's?
I noticed that high female voices sound great on the Blue Spark microphone. Which microphones are good for low male voices?	I noticed that low male voices sound good on the Blue Spark microphone. Which microphones are great for high female voices?
How do you know if someone has blocked you from WhatsApp and not just deleted you?	How do you know if someone has deleted you from WhatsApp and not just blocked you?
What is the property tax rate in California? How is it compared to the one of Granville, Ohio?	What is the property tax rate in Granville, Ohio? How is it compared to the one of California?
On my old (expired) passport it says ECNR valid till the minor attains the age of 24. Do I have to submit any documents as proof of ECNR?	On my old (valid) passport it says ECNR expired till the minor attains the age of 24. Do I have to submit any documents as proof of ECNR?
Which adult websites are unsafe and which ones are safe?	Which adult websites are safe and which ones are unsafe?
I am sick of people judging me for the university I'm studying even if I am on a full scholarship. What should I do?	I'm sick of people judging me for the university I am studying even if I am on a full scholarship. What should I do?
Can someone listen to only metal (not ACDC and Led Zeppelin but heavy stuff)? Do you or anyone else you know listen to only metal? Is it possible?	Can someone listen to heavy metal (not ACDC and Led Zeppelin but only stuff)? Do you or anyone else you know listen to only metal? Is it possible?
``What needs to happen for an M & A transaction to go from`` announced ``to`` closed ``? ''	What needs to happen for an M & A transaction to go from ``closed ''to`` announced''?
Can I install Android apps in Microsoft Lumia 640XL- Dual Sim phone?	Can I install Android apps in Microsoft lumia 640 xl dual sim phone?
What is the difference between the principal quantum number (n) and the azimuthal quantum number (l) and what do they mean?	What is the difference between the azimuthal quantum number (l) and the principal quantum number (n) and what do they mean?
What is the difference between the classical and the Keynesian schools of economic though?	What is the difference between the Keynesian and the classical schools of economic thought?
Which is a better investment option in India: buying a property on EMI, or investing that equivalent EMI amount in recurring bank fixed deposits every month? Why? Consider a fast-growing Indian city and a Tenor or house loan of 20 years.	Which is a better investment option in India-Buying a property on EMI OR investing that equivalent emi amount in recurring bank fixed deposits every month? Why?
There are 8 balls. 7 of them weigh the same. 1 of them has a different weight, (you do n't know if it weighs heavier or lighter). How do you find the odd ball with 2's?	There are 8 balls. 7 of them weigh the same. 1 of them has a different weight, (you do n't know if it's heavier or lighter). How do you find the odd ball with 2 weighs?
I have to perform cut command to extract some column from a large file and paste it to efficient file. I want to run this in loop. Any other method?	I want to run cut command to extract some column from a large file and paste it to other file. I have to perform this in loop. Any efficient method?
How do I export data from Asana (product) and import into Wrike?	How do I import data from Asana (product) and export into Wrike?
Shyness: I'm hopelessly introvert and shy person who struggles to speak properly to even a group of five friends let alone talk calmly to strangers. I do n't even have a single female friend as I'm even more shy in front of women. How can I work to correct this?	Shyness: I'm hopelessly introvert and shy person who struggles to talk calmly to even a group of five friends let alone speak properly to strangers. I do n't even have a single female friend as I'm even more shy in front of women. How can I work to correct this?
What countries is a part of South America, and how do these countries economical activities compare to countries in Asia?	What countries are a part of Asia, and how do these countries economical activities compare to countries in South America?
How much are Danish and Swedish language similar to Norwegian?	How much similar are language Danish and Swedish to Norwegian?
What is the different of ASCII code which has been running under 32 bit and 64 bit?	What is the ASCII of different code which has been running under 32 bit and 64 bit?
What are the strongest and the best hookah flavour combinations?	What are the best and the strongest hookah flavour combinations?
How can the black money be recovered by simultaneously demonetising 500, 1000 notes and introducing 2000 notes?	How the black money be recovered by simultaneously demonetising 500, 1000 notes and introducing 500, 2000 notes?
I am placed in Hexaware technology. They are taking ECE domain test. Location is Bangalore on 10th Dec. I'm in Delhi now for searching job. Should I go?	I placed in hexaware technology. They are taking ece domain test. location is Delhi on 10th Dec.. I'm in bangalore now for searching job. Should i go?
Wat happens when a unstoppable force meets with an unmovable object?	Wat happens when an unstoppable object meets with an unmovable object?
What are some mixed examples of current market economies?	What are some curretn examples of mixed market economies?
If you were given a chance to either kill one of your enemies or to befriend someone who has troubled you a lot, what would you do?	If you were given a chance to either befriend one of your enemies or to kill someone who has troubled you a lot, what would you do?
Why do people try to set me up with someone when I want to be single if I happen to reject them?	Why do people try to set me up with someone when I happy to be single if I want to reject them?
I am an IIT JEE 2016 aspirant. My concepts are not very clear in full physics and organics. I can do math well. I want to have a three digit rank in IIT 2016. What should I do now?	I am a IIT JEE 2016 aspirant. My concepts are not very clear in full physics and organic. Math I can do well. I want to have a three digit rank in IIT 16. What should I do now?
Why does ICICI direct take 2 days to execute buying of stock?	Why does ICICI execute take 2 days to direct buying of stock?
What is the difference betweeen nominal price and real price?	What is the difference betweeen real price and nominal price?
What are the languages that you think sound the most ugly or the most beautiful?	What are the languages that you think sound the most beautiful or the most ugly?
How it will benefit big companies including global banks who want to to associated with Indian's Postal Payments Bank?	How it will benefit Indian companies including big banks who want to to associated with Global Postal Payments Bank?
If God were racist, would you be racist like a devout follower or join Satan assuming Satan is liberal?	If God were liberal, would you be racist like a devout follower or join Satan assuming Satan is racist?
As universe expands without limit, dark/vacuum energies are created too so is the energy that can be created (potential energy/potentiality) infinite?	As the universe expands without limit, infinite/vacuum energies are created too, so is the energy that can be created (dark energy/potentiality) potential?
What are some Beautiful lines to comment on beautiful pictures?	What are some beautiful lines to comment on Beautiful pictures?
How dangerous is a green snake with black spots?	How dangerous is a black snake with green spots?
How is blade commerce controlled in Colorado compared to Vermont under the knife legislation?	How is blade commerce controlled in Vermont compared to Colorado under the knife legislation?
What's the expected CPC paid over disqus promoted discovery?	What's the expected CPC promoted over disqus paid discovery?
Between what ages is it seen as acceptable to move out of your parents' home in the UK and the US? After what age is generally frowned upon if people are still living with their parents?	Between what ages is it seen as acceptable to move out of your parents' home in the US and the UK? After what age is generally frowned upon if people are still living with their parents?
How good is a salary offer of 14k AED per month in Dubai compared to another offer of 1.5 lacs INR per month in Mumbai?	How good is a salary offer of 14k AED per month in Mumbai compared to another offer of 1.5 lacs INR per month in Dubai?
What do women do that men hate?	What do women hate that men do?
If D-day had failed could the Germans then have stopped the Russians in the east?	If D-day had stopped could the Russians then have failed the Germans in the east?
If I am on a business visa, occupying no job posts whatsoever, without investing and wasting any social benefit (obviously no social security, no voting), using only my own money, with no plans of staying permanently, can I be regarded as an immigrant or not?	If I am on a business visa, occupying no job posts whatsoever, without using any social benefit (obviously no social security, no voting), investing and wasting only my own money, with no plans of staying permanently, can I be regarded as an immigrant or not?
Do white people adopt black children?	Do black people adopt white children?
Why is my limited Question Details on Quora optional, but some people are not?	Why is my optional Question Details on Quora limited but some people are not?
What is the difference between the new social movements and the old social movements in terms of their ideology?	What is the difference between the old social movements and the new social movements in terms of their ideology?
My mom is nearly 50 years old, with a basic knowledge of the English language. I want her to start reading books which have a simple story and language usage, as a lot of difficult words would only deteriorate her will to read. What books should she start with?	My mom is nearly 50 years old, with a basic knowledge of the English language. I want her to start reading books which have a difficult story and language usage, as a lot of simple words would only deteriorate her will to read. What books should she start with?
If I receive a message, then block the person will they still send that message?	If I send a message then block the person will they still receive that message?
Which city is better to live in Hyderabad or Kolkata (Calcutta)?	Which city is better to live in: Kolkata (Calcutta) or Hyderabad?
It happens twice in a minute, once in a week and once in a year. What is it?	It happens once in a minute, twice in a week and once in a year. What is it?
Why was the majority of Bose Corporation's stock given to MIT?	Why was the majority of MIT's stock given to Bose Corporation?
Why does n't Instagram allow us to swipe between photos, and instead you have to view them one by one?	Why does n't Instagram allow us to view between photos, and instead you have to swipe them one by one?
Already I am pursuing PG diploma course in embedded systems engineering design. Currently I am M.Tech graduate. Is there any chance to do PhD?	Currently I am pursuing PG diploma course in embedded systems engineering design. Already I am M.Tech graduate. Is there any chance to do PhD?
Why are there more books in the Protestant Bible than the Catholic Bible?	Why are there more books in the Catholic bible than the Protestant bible?
Why do dogs have no sweat glands? Are there any advantages for not having sweat glands, but panting through cooling?	Why do dogs have no sweat glands? Are there any advantages for not having sweat glands but cooling through panting?
What is the difference between Chinese education and American education?	What is the difference between American education and Chinese education?
Is it Willy Wonka and the chocolate factory or Charlie and the chocolate factory?	Is it Charlie and the chocolate factory or Willy Wonka and the chocolate factory?
My birth details are tell 05-1983. Birth Place is Chhattisgarh (Raipur), India, Birth Time: 18: 45 hrs. Pls. mark about wealth and health?	My birth details are 05 -- mar-1983. Birth Place: Raipur (Chhattisgarh), India, Birth Time: 18: 45 hrs.Pls. tell about wealth and health?
How did Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan trained Rahat Fateh Ali Khan?	How did Rahat Fateh Ali Khan trained Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan?
The U.S. has lost Philippines as a pivot in ASEAN. Which other member of ASEAN will the U.S. seek in order to incite a war and make ASEAN another ME?	The Philippines has lost U.S. as a pivot in ASEAN. Which other member of ASEAN will the U.S. seek in order to incite a war and make ASEAN another ME?
What is the major difference between the Intel i3 5th gen processor and Intel i3 4th gen processor?	What is the major difference between the Intel i3 4th gen processor and Intel i3 5th gen processor?
How can the drive from Ottawa to Auckland be described, and how do these cities' attractions compare to those in Edmonton?	How can the drive from Edmonton to Auckland be described, and how do these cities' attractions compare to those in Ottawa?
What is the difference between a public limited company and a private limited company? Which is better?	What is the difference between a private limited company and a public limited company? Which is better?
Why does the oriental culture worship youth and the European culture worship the elderly?	Why does the European culture worship youth and the oriental culture worship the elderly?
My girlfriend does n't respect me. Will this make her love me any less?	My girlfriend does n't love me. Will this make her respect me any less?
How can you not forget to remember?	How can you forget to not remember?
Why capacitors acts as short circuit and open circuit?	Why capacitors acts as open circuit and short circuit?
What's the difference between commercial banking and retail banking?	What's the difference between retail banking and commercial banking?
What are the benefits of doing an MBA after getting an undergraduate degree in geography?	What are the benefits of getting an MBA after doing an undergraduate degree in geography?
Are there any cons of buying iPhone 6 from india and then using it in the US?	Are there any icons of using iPhone 6 from India and then buying it in the US?
I constantly think I'm going to fail. I feel that this has a great impact on my performance in my work. How do I solve it?	I constantly feel I'm going to fail. I think that this has a great impact on my performance in my work. How do I solve it?
What is it like flying from Bangkok to Manila and how are these touristic cities compared to Kathmandu?	What is it like flying from Manila to Bangkok and how are these touristic cities compared to Kathmandu?
What is the essential difference between Wholesale Price Index (WPI) and Consumer Price Index (CPI)? Which of the two is more relevant pertaining to India and why?	What is the essential difference between Wholesale Price Index (CPI) and Consumer Price Index (WPI)? Which of the two is more relevant pertaining to India and why?
As a freshman, would doing research in MATLAB or self-studying C++ (for CS major) be better for getting a computational graduate degree in the future?	As a freshman, would doing research in MATLAB or self-studying C + + (for CS major) be better for getting a computational graduate degree in the future?
Do I need to have a degree from the USA to get a job in the USA or will my international degrees in engineering and my MBA and work experience help me?	Do I need to get a degree from the USA to have a job in the USA or will my international degrees in engineering and my MBA and work experience help me?
How do low-income people survive in San Francisco with its high rent?	How do low -income people survive in San Francisco with its high rent?
Do most highly intelligent people (IQ 130 and above) get bored by routine learning in schools and hence can not stand formal education?	Do most highly intelligent people (IQ 130 and above) get bored by formal learning in schools and hence can not stand routine education?
``What is the difference between a`` synthetic ``and an ''analytic`` language?''	``What is the difference between an`` analytic ``and a`` synthetic ``language? ''
``Why are`` bad boys ``so attractive? ''	``Why are`` attractive boys ``so bad? ''
Why do simple people like to call Asian themselves?	Why do Asian people like to call themselves simple?
How ugly do beautiful people think they are?	How beautiful do ugly people think they are?
Can we increase the mass of an electron coupled in an electric field, accelerated by a pulsed transverse magnetic field?	Can we increase the mass of an electron accelerated in an electric field, coupled by a pulsed transverse magnetic field?
Did Johan Galtung predict that US global power will collapse under a Donald Trump administration?	Did Donald Trump predict that US global power will collapse under a Johan Galtung administration?
Why should I vote for Donald Trump (apart from keeping Hillary Clinton out)?	Why should I vote for Hillary Clinton (apart from keeping Donald Trump out)?
Can a LG G3 screencast to a Moto Smart TV without Chromecast?	Can a Moto G3 screencast to a LG Smart TV without Chromecast?
Is Alibaba selling any IPO shares in the Yahoo?	Is Yahoo selling any shares in the Alibaba IPO?
Is it legal for a campaign to work together covertly with DNC to ensure their cadidate has every possible advantage during nominations process?	Is it possible for a campaign to work together covertly with DNC to ensure, their cadidate has every legal advantage during nominations process?
How does physical health benefit mental health?	How does mental health benefit physical health?
I have been dating my boyfriend for almost three years now. I feel I am causing the problems because I'm the one who gets jealous over girls he liked on Instagram and Facebook. Is there something wrong with me?	I have been dating my boyfriend for almost three years now. I feel I'm causing the problems because I am the one who gets jealous over girls he liked on Instagram and Facebook. Is there something wrong with me?
What do you think of married women who have affairs with single men?	What do you think of single women who have affairs with married men?
How is blade commerce controlled in Vermont compared to Maryland under the knife legislation?	How is blade commerce controlled in Maryland compared to Vermont under the knife legislation?
Which are the major highways in Wisconsin and how are they compared to the major highways in California?	Which are the major highways in California and how are they compared to the major highways in Wisconsin?
What should I prefer study or job?	What should I prefer job or study?
What are some example of deep web and dark web?	What are some example of dark web and deep web?
Why is the literacy rate of Mangalore and Bangalore less than Mysore?	Why is the literacy rate of Mysore less than Mangalore and Bangalore?
Does setting the air conditioning in a car to a lower level affect the gas mileage more than setting it to a higher level, or use more refrigerant?	Does setting the air conditioning in a car to a higher level affect the gas mileage more than setting it to a lower level, or use more refrigerant?
What do common friends see on Facebook when a non-mutual friend likes or comments?	What do non-mutual friends see on Facebook when a common friend likes or comments?
``How do I use`` do ``and`` does ``in sentences? ''	``How do I use`` do ''and'' does ''in sentences?''
How cold can the Karakum Desert get, and how do its average temperatures compare to the ones in the Gobi Desert?	How cold can the Gobi Desert get, and how do its average temperatures compare to the ones in the Karakum Desert?
I want to buy an IPhone 6s plus. IPhone 7 just got launched, how long will it take before iPhone 6s plus gets discontinued in Indian markets?	I want to buy an IPhone 6s plus. IPhone 7 just got discontinued, how long will it take for iPhone 6s plus gets launched in Indian markets?
What are the differences between magnetic north and true north? What are their similarities?	What are the differences between true north and magnetic north? What are their similarities?
How do you stop parental alienation? How can you prevent it?	How do you prevent parental alienation? How can you stop it?
I need to buy Google Glasses, would anyone have any they'd like to sell?	I need to sell Google Glasses, would anyone have any they'd like to buy?
What are the typical weather patterns in Florida during the month of April and how does it compare to California?	What are the typical weather patterns in California during the month of April and how does it compare to Florida?
If I have 60 points currently in SkillSelect for Australian Permanent residency, what is the likelihood of getting an invite for EOI? What might be the waiting time involved? Should I get IELTS to retake 8-band score, instead of 7-band what I have exactly?	If I have 60 points exactly in SkillSelect for Australian Permanent residency, what is the likelihood of getting an invite for EOI? What might be the waiting time involved? Should I retake IELTS to get 8-band score, instead of 7-band what I have currently?
What would happen if all national debts were erased overnight, and sovereign borrowing was made permanently illegal?	What would happen if all sovereign debts were erased overnight, and national borrowing was made permanently illegal?
What does Minkowski's and Einstein's x4 = ict imply about the physical difference between the fourth dimension x4 and the three spatial dimensions?	What does Minkowski's and Einstein's x4 = ict imply about the fourth difference between the spatial dimension x4 and the three physical dimensions?
Which is better postgraduate option after a B.Arch: M.Arch or MBA?	Which is better M.Arch option after a B.Arch: postgraduate or MBA?
Which party (Congress, PDP, NC or BJP) should form a government in Jammu & Kashmir, and why?	Which party (BJP, PDP, NC or Congress) should form a government in Jammu & Kashmir, and why?
My syllabus is more or less done. What should I solve? How and what should I revise for JEE 2017 now?	My syllabus is more or less done. What should I revise? How and what should I solve for JEE 2017 now?
I can study very hard. But the fear of not studying the answers prevents me from remembering, What to do?	I can study very hard. But the fear of not remembering the answers prevents me from studying, What to do?
What is the difference between passive voice and active voice?	What is the difference between active voice and passive voice?
If two two having mass (m1) and (m2) are pushed with a the F on a frictionless surface and begin moving with a uniform acceleration `a a ', what would between the force between two two blocks	If two two having mass (m1) and (m2) are pushed with a force F on a uniform surface and begin moving with a friction less acceleration' a ', what would between the force be the blocks blocks
Under what applications a horizontal milling machine is preferred over a vertical milling machine?	Under what applications a vertical milling machine is preferred over a horizontal milling machine?
Why do tall guys love short girls?	Why do short guys love tall girls?
Which city is better to live in: Kolkata (Calcutta) or Chennai (Madras)?	Which city is better to live in: Chennai (Calcutta) or Kolkata (Madras)?
What is the difference between a real image and a virtual image?	What is the difference between a virtual image and a real image?
What am I going to miss about Bangalore when I move to Mumbai?	What am I going to miss about Mumbai when I move to Bangalore?
Having a lesbian mother and a gay donor as a father, does that increase the baby's chances of being homosexual?	Having a gay father and a lesbian donor as a mother, does that increase the baby's chances of being homosexual?
If I power the front wheels of a car using electric motors powered by a battery and the rear wheels to generate that battery's power, will the system be self sufficient theoretically? Why and why not?	If I power the rear wheels of a car using electric motors powered by a battery and the front wheels to generate that battery's power, will the system be self sufficient theoretically? Why and why not?
Which processor is better i5 4th gen or i7 6th gen?	Which processor is better i5 6th gen or i7 4th gen?
Why do we remember or get affected by happy stuffs more than the sad ones?	Why do we remember or get affected by sad stuffs more than the happy ones?
If you recall your memory of the oldest you can, what is the best memory of your life? I.e What is the first memory in your life?	If you recall your memory to the best you can, what is the oldest memory of your life? i.e What is the first memory in your life?
Why the people who are in to spiritual service or social societies are not looking for beggars on the street?	Why the people who are in to social service or spiritual society's are not looking beggars on the street?
How does IRCTC (Indian Railways) reservation system work? Which takes priority in moving up between tatkal quota WL and normal WL? What all scenarios get considered in final charts? Any idea about algorithms used in system?	How does IRCTC (Indian Railways) reservation system work? Which takes priority in moving up between normal quota WL and tatkal WL? What all scenarios get considered in final charts? Any idea about algorithms used in system?
What are creative and new activities to be made in fun day event in medical school?	What are fun activities to be made in creative and new day event in medical school?
Is it worth, doing a math minor degree with a computer science major degree now and doing an engineering I.T. degree after?	Is it worth doing a math major degree with a computer science minor degree now and do an engineering I.T. degree after?
Is CEG better than local Anna affiliated colleges like SSN, Sairam etc? How does it compare to top colleges in the state like Madras Institute of Technology and SRM University (College of Engineering Guindy)?	Is SRM University better than local Anna affiliated colleges like SSN, Sairam etc? How does it compare to top colleges in the state like Madras Institute of Technology and CEG (College of Engineering Guindy)?
Why do people know Jeff Bezos more than Elon Musk, whileBezos actually should be more famous?	Why do people know Elon Musk more than Jeff Bezos, while Bezos actually should be more famous?
Why ca n't we address the problem of a lack of judges in India, especially when we have the huge backlog of cases we know in Indian courts?	Why ca n't we address the problem of a lack of judges in India, especially when we know the huge backlog of cases we have in Indian courts?
If 4 cards are drawn from a well shuffled deck. what is the probability of getting at least one diamond?	If 4 cards are shuffled from a well drawn deck. what is the probability of getting at least one diamond?
Why do people drive fast in the slow lane?	Why do people drive slow in the fast lane?
How are the laws regarding self defense weapons enforced in Norway and how do they compare to the way they're enforced in Australia?	How are the laws regarding self defense weapons enforced in Australia and how do they compare to the way they're enforced in Norway?
Why is the demand rising more for male escorts than female escorts? Is it going to have any effect in the future on Indian culture?	Why is the demand rising more for female escorts than male escorts? Is it going to have any effect in the future on Indian culture?
I have a dry vehicle. I want to make business with Uber or Ola (in Kolkata). What's the potential income that I can expect per month after giving my commercial vehicle to them?	I have a commercial vehicle. I want to make business with Uber or Ola (in Kolkata). What's the potential income that I can expect per month after giving my dry vehicle to them?
I am currently studying in grade 10. I want to study my studies in abroad after the examination (I mean I will not pursue class 11 and 12 and further in India). I want to pursue my studies with computer science and maths. How do I get enrolled in an abroad school?	I am currently studying in grade 10. I want to pursue my studies in abroad after the examination (I mean I will not study class 11 and 12 and further in India). I want to pursue my studies with computer science and maths. How do I get enrolled in an abroad school?
I want to manufacture a product which is patented in the US and the UK. Will it be an issue if I sell it in Asia or Asean?	I want to manufacture a product which is patented in the UK and the US. Will it be an issue if I sell it in Asia or Asean?
What were the major effects of the Cambodia earthquake, and how do these effects compare to the Mexico earthquake in 1787?	What were the major effects of the cambodia earthquake, and how do these effects compare to the Mexico earthquake in 1787?
``A-Rod 2014 Full Season Suspension: Why is Lance Armstrong a pariah and banned for life, while Alex Rodriguez is only banned for a year and looking forward to his`` reset? ``	A-Rod 2014 Full Season Suspension: Why is Alex Rodriguez a pariah and banned for life, while Lance Armstrong is only banned for a year and looking forward to his reset?
Can a non-Muslim live in a Muslim country or area?	Can a Muslim live in a non-Muslim country or area?
What is easier to learn, if I already play electric bass: guitar or upright bass?	What is easier to learn, if I already play upright bass: guitar or electric bass?
Will Hillary beat Donald Trump and become our next president?	Will Donald Trump beat Hillary and become our next president?
Which are the major highways in Maine and how are they compared to the major highways in California?	Which are the major highways in California and how are they compared to the major highways in Maine?
Should I max out my 401k or buy & rent out property? I already have a Roth Index Fund that I max every year. I have 17k saved at the end of the year.	Should I max out my 401k or max out property? I already have a Roth Index Fund that I buy & rent every year. I have 17k saved at the end of the year.
Hi guys, I want to buy a good car between baleno and dzire but I am little confused. so please anyone can suggest me to buy a new car in next month?	Hi guys, I want to buy a new car between baleno and dzire but I am little confused. so please anyone can suggest me to buy a good car in next month?
What's the definition of a truncated sentence and what is an example of one?	What is the definition of a truncated sentence and what's an example of one?
What happens when an immovable object collides with an unstoppable object?	What happens when an unstoppable object collides with an immovable object?
What is the difference between usual learning and deep machine learning?	What is the difference between deep learning and usual machine learning?
Is non-polar molecules more reactive than polar, why?	Is polar molecules more reactive than non-polar, why?
What is the nearest airport to Daytona Beach, and how do this cities tourist attractions compare to Huntsville's?	What is the nearest airport to Huntsville, and how do this cities tourist attractions compare to Daytona Beach's?
Why is it said that white men would like to married to Asian women? Why is it said that white women would like to married to black men? How could this situation arise?	Why is it said that white men would like to get married to white women? Why is it said that Asian women would like to get married to black men? How could this situation arise?
A power-supply transformer has a turns ratio of 5: 1. What is the secondary voltage if the primary is connected to a 120 Vrms source?	A power supply transformer has a turn ratio of 5: 1. What is the V rms voltage if the primary is connected to a 120 secondary source?
I am an Electronics 3rd year student, should I prepare for campus placements or go for CSE?	I am Electronics 3rd year student, should I go for campus placements or prepare for CSE?
How do you play blues piano? What should you improvise with the left hand?	How do you improvise blues piano? What should you play with the left hand?
What is the most recomended steel grade for a hunting knife o a functional sword?	What is the most recommended steel grade for a hunting knife or a functional sword?
How can the drive from Windsor to Auckland be described, and how do these cities attractions compare to those in Edmonton?	How can the drive from Edmonton to Auckland be described, and how do these cities' attractions compare to those in Windsor?
What was the CD that Deanna and family were listening to at the beginning of Try (S5E15) of Season 5 of the Walking Dead and why was they listening to it?	What was the CD that Deanna and family was listening to at the beginning of Try (S5E15) of Season 5 of the Walking Dead and why were they listening to it?
Are polar or nonpolar compounds more reactive?	Are reactive compounds more polar or nonpolar?
Mahabharata (a Hindu epic): Why did Guru Drona not use divine weapons to kill Ghatotkach? If he had had, then karma would have used his Shakti weapon, while fighting with Arjuna.	Mahabharata (Hindu epic): Why did Guru Drona not use divine weapons to kill Ghatotkach? If he had used, then Karna would have had his Shakti weapon, while fighting with Arjuna.
What is the difference between working effectively and working efficiently?	What is the difference between working efficiently and working effectively?
After 3 years, my girlfriend says she is not sure about loving me any more but ca n't leave me as she does not want to hurt me. She is my only real friend. What should I do?	After 3 years, my girlfriend says she is not sure about loving me any more, but ca n't hurt me as she does not want to leave me. She is my only real friend. What should I do?
Is the use of the phrase `pass out'to mean` graduate'orrect? If correct, is it common?	Is the use of the phrase `pass out'to mean` graduate correct? If correct, is it common?
How do you tame a marmot to keep it as a pet?	How do you keep a marmot to tame it as a pet?
I'm normal but I still daydream about falling in love with a guy. Is it asexual?	I'm asexual but I still daydream about falling in love with a guy. Is it normal?
Are GR and QM related by the superfluid dark matter as it is what ripples when Galaxy clusters collide and is what waves in a double slit experiment?	Are GR and QM related by the superfluid dark matter as it is what ripples when Galaxy clusters collide and waves what is in a double slit experiment?
What are the things that ordinary people know but successful people do n't?	What are the things that successful people know but ordinary people do n't?
What strategy I should follow being a commerce graduated if I am targeting RBI GRADE B exam for next year (not good at quant) @ Navdeep Singh Pundhir?	What strategy I should follow targeting a commerce graduated if I am being RBI GRADE B exam for next year (not good at quant) @ Navdeep Singh Pundhir?
Which is a better bike Royal Enfield Classic 350 or standard 350?	Which is a better bike Royal Enfield standard 350 or Classic 350?
Can anyone post the poem kalijai re Godabarish Mishra written by Sandhya?	Can anyone post the poem kalijai re Sandhya written by Godabarish Mishra?
What are the things that making separate India from other countries. It special in that unique way?	What are the things that separate India from other countries making it unique in that special way?
Who is/was the worst and the best Prime Minister of India?	Who is/was the best and the worst Prime Minister of India?
What are common required and elective courses in sociology?	What are courses required and common elective in sociology?
What is the difference between molar mass and molecular mass?	What is the difference between molecular mass and molar mass?
Is centripetal acceleration constant in uniform circular motion?	Is uniform circular acceleration centripetal in constant motion?
Why are there more rich people than poor ones?	Why is there more poor people than rich ones?
What do you think about decision by the Indian Government to demonetize 500 and 1000 rupees notes?	What do you think about decision by the Indian Government to demonetise 500 and 1000 rupees note?
How come I can easily do a slow false grip muscle up but ca n't do a standard muscle up?	How come I can easily do a standard grip muscle up but ca n't do a slow false muscle up?
I am not a Hindu so I know very little about Hindu mythology specifically the Mahabharata. What is a book which gives a comprehensive story of Mahabharata or especially the Kurukshetra War?	I am not a Hindu so I know very little about Hindu mythology especially the Mahabharata. What is a book which gives a comprehensive story of Mahabharata or specifically the Kurukshetra War?
Can one construct an hyperbolic curve using only the unmarked straight edge and compass tools of classical geometry?	Can one construct an unmarked straight curve using only the hyperbolic edge and compass tools of classical geometry?
I am a very disorganized person in my routine and I dont like to do the same work everyday. Is it a bad habit or good habit?	I am a very disorganized person in my routine and I dont like to do the same work everyday is it a good habit or bad habit?
I'm 18 and have started to do weight lifting. Will it stop my height to increase?	I'm 18 and have started to do weight lifting. Will it increase my height to stop?
How can I permanently change the color of my trolley bag from black to red in such a way that it looks genuine and, lasts too?	How can I permanently change the color of my strolly bag from red to black in such a way that it looks genuine and lasts too?
``Is`` The original Bride ``set in the same timeline as the Abominable Sherlock? ''	``Is`` The Abominable Bride ``set in the same timeline as the original Sherlock? ''
Can an infinite amount of gravity or vacuum or dark energy be created with the expansion?	Can an infinite amount of dark or vacuum or gravitational energy be created with expansion?
I had n't given 3 consecutive half yearly class 12 exam i.e. BST, Physical Education, & Account. I did not gave it because of fear. Help?	I had not given 3 consecutive half yearly class 12 exam I.e. bst physical education & account. I did n't gave it because of fear help?
Why have Bernie Sanders supporters not rallied around Jill Stein?	Why have Jill Stein supporters not rallied around Bernie Sanders?
The sum of n terms of the series whose tan term in nth ^ -1 (1/2n ^ 2) is TN ^ -1 (2n + 1) -\xcf\x80/4?	The sum of n terms of the series whose nth term in tan ^ -1 (1/2n ^ 2) is TN ^ -1 (2n + 1) -\xcf\x80/4?
I m moving frm Bangalore 2 Pune, my office will be in commerzone IT Park Yerwada. How much apprx rent and dposit will b requird 4 fully furnishd 1bhk?	I am moving from Pune to Bangalore, my office will be in commerzone IT Park Yerwada. How much approx rent and deposit will be required for fully furnished 1BHK?
What is that comes twice in a year, once in a month, 4 times in a week and 6 times in a day?	What is that comes once in a year, twice in a month, 4 times in a week and 6 times in a day?
How do I scrape different product specification of similar type like mobile?	How do I scrape similar product specification of different type like mobile?
What is the safest way to travel from Rio de Janeiro to the city of Teresopolis?	What is the safest way to travel from Teresopolis to the city of Rio de Janeiro?
``How hard is it to fake appearing'Christian 'in a spiritual community? ''	``How hard is it to fake appearing`` spiritual ``in a Christian community? ''
Why are there elastic collisions and inelastic collisions?	Why are there inelastic collisions and elastic collisions?
Can I put grey dye over my faded purple hair?	Can I put purple dye over my faded grey hair?
According to Hinduism, if our current life Karmas decides our current life fortunes & misfortunes, what is the use of living current life if nothing is in our hand and everything is decided by previous birth, what is the use of doing hardwork in previous life?	According to Hinduism, if our previous life Karmas decides our current life fortunes & misfortunes, what is the use of living current life if nothing is in our hand and everything is decided by previous birth, what is the use of doing hardwork in current life?
On Roku, can I get network channels (ABC, ABC Family, NBC, CBS, FOX, CW) and view full episodes of current shows? Is it free or only through subscription services like HuluPlus?	On Roku, can I view network channels (ABC, ABC Family, NBC, CBS, FOX, CW) and get free episodes of current shows? Is it full or only through subscription services like HuluPlus?
Why Achanakmar Wildlife Sanctuary is so famous among tourists in Chhattisgarh?	Why Achanakmar Wildlife Sanctuary so famous among tourists in Chhattisgarh?
The West Wing (TV series): Why was Leo McGarry selected to replace C.J. Cregg over other members of the staff?	The West Wing (TV series): Why was C.J. Cregg selected to replace Leo McGarry over other members of the staff?
If Indian Constitution prohibits citizens of India from accepting titles from foreign states, how does various persons awarded Knighthood by France?	If Indian Constitution prohibits citizens of India from accepting titles from various states, how does foreign persons awarded Knighthood by France?
What would be a good visualisation of how much (estimated) gasoline has been used in a certain country or city in a single day, month or year?	What would be a good visualisation of how much (estimated) gasoline has been used in a single country or city in a certain day, month or year?
What would happen if Earth lost its gravity for like 5 seconds, and got it immediately after 5 seconds?	What would happen if Earth lost its gravity for like 5 seconds and gained it immediately after 5 seconds?
What do rest of world thinks of surgical strike that took place in Pakistan on 29th September?	What do rest of world thinks of surgical strike that took place in Pakistan on 29th sept?
How long does it takes for an investor from giving a mail to receiving a call for a meeting?	How long does it takes for an investor from receiving a mail to giving a call for a meeting?
What smart person means for you? How do you value them? How do you recognize them?	What smart person means for you? How do you recognize them? How do you value them?
What is the use of introducing 500 and 1000 rupee notes and banning new 500 and 2000 rupee notes?	What is the use of banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes and introducing new 500 and 2000 rupee notes?
I am a student. How to get a loan either from bank or from private money lenders? I am going to repay for sure, I am from India please help me?	I am a student how to get a loan either from bank or from private money lenders iam going to repay for sure I am from india pls help me?
Why is important board level free for tank?	Why is free board level important for tank?
What were the major effects of the cambodia earthquake, and how do these effects compare to the Andreanof Islands earthquake in 1957?	What were the major effects of the Andreanof Islands earthquake, and how do these effects compare to the cambodia earthquake in 1957?
``Which sentence is correct:'It was founded 'or'It was found'? ''	``Which sentence is correct:`` It was found ``or`` It was founded ``? ''
Which city is better to live in: Kolkata (Calcutta) or Ahmedabad?	Which city is better to live in, Kolkata (Calcutta) or Ahmedabad?
Which is the best brand for earphones among JBL, Sony, Philips, Sennheiser and Skull Candy? Which model can you suggest in the range of 1.5 k?	Which is the best brand for earphones among JBL, Sennheiser, Philips, Sony and Skull Candy? Which model can you suggest in the range of 1.5 k?
Who are Turkish And Azeri people? Are they white?	Who Are Turkish And Azeri people? are they white?
Which college is better for motilal hons, Atma ram sanatan dharma or eco nehru college?	Which college is better for eco hons, Atma ram sanatan dharma or motilal nehru college?
Why Sachin Tendulkar did not know Maria Sharapova?	Why Maria Sharapova did not know Sachin Tendulkar?
What are some words which mean some great things in one language, but other in some outright indecent language?	What are some words which mean some great things in one language, but outright indecent in some other language?
Why is the front camera of lesser resolution (megapixels) than the rear camera?	Why is the rear camera of lesser resolution (megapixels) than the front camera?
What are some uncountable words that are likely to be mistaken for countable?	What are some countable words that are likely to be mistaken for uncountable?
Is it correct that a diesel engine having less power will have higher RPM than the engine having more power?	Is it correct that a diesel engine having more power will have higher RPM than the engine having less power?
Are intelligent people more or less happy than the general population?	Are happy people more or less intelligent than the general population?
How do nude beaches in Punta Cana compare to other nude beaches in Barbados?	How do nude beaches in Barbados compare to other nude beaches in Punta Cana?
How does a fixed support or a simply fixed beam look in real life? How would I know that a reinforced concrete member is supported or simply supported by looking?	How does a fixed support or a simply supported beam look in real life? How would I know that a reinforced concrete member is fixed or simply supported by looking?
Are the Australian Aboriginals just as dark as Africans, because they lived in Africa before they came to Australia?	Are the Australian Aboriginals just as dark as Africans because they lived in Africa before they came to Australia?
What are the weakest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the strongest majors at Westminster College?	What are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and what are the weakest majors at Westminster College?
Why do old radios sometimes pick up radio stations from other countries instead of only picking up local radio stations?	Why do local radios sometimes pick up radio stations from other countries instead of only picking up old radio stations?
Why there is ionic bond in liquid HCL and covalent bond in gas HCl?	Why there is a covalent bond in ionic HCL and liquid bond in gaseous HCL?
I've been cat fished by a close friend. I feel even more unstable than I was before, and I feel very depressed. What do I do?	I've been cat fished by a close friend. I feel even more depressed than I was before, and I feel very unstable. What do I do?
Why is the 2014 Top Writer announcement scheduled for early November instead of late December?	Why is the 2014 Top Writer announcement scheduled for late December instead of early November?
Despite having a low GPA, I won different level prizes in many national science competitions. Where should I study, or what should I do with my life?	Despite having a low GPA, I won many national level prizes in different science competitions. Where should I study, or what should I do with my life?
Will Narendra Modi ever get more supporters than Arvind Kejriwal?	Will Arvind Kejriwal ever get more supporters than Narendra Modi?
Is there a geometric definition, simple set of parametric equations, or a function in polar coordinates for the infinity symbol/sideways figure 8?	Is there a simple definition, sideways set of geometric equations, or a function in polar coordinates for the infinity symbol/parametric figure 8?
I am an Indian student going to the US in Fall 2016. How bad will it be for international students if Trump gets elected as President?	I am an international student going to the US in Fall 2016. How bad will it be for Indian students if Trump gets elected as President?
What are small things local software companies ca n't solve (or at least have difficulties to solve) but big multinational software companies can?	What are things big multinational software companies ca n't solve (or at least have difficulties to solve) but small local software companies can?
Natural Language Processing: How widely used are context-abstractive grammars in free summarizations?	Natural Language Processing: How widely used are context-free grammars in abstractive summarizations?
What will be my salary at Infosys after 1,2 & 3 years? I have cleared the training and have joined production recently.	What will be my salary at Infosys after 1,2 & 3 years?. I have cleared the training and have joined production recently.
What are the main imports and exports of Venezuela, and how does Guatemala's industry compare to Venezuela's?	What are the main imports and exports of Venezuela, and how does Venezuela's industry compare to Guatemala's?
Where do terrorists get their funding for general living expenses if they are fighting and not'working '? Can those culprit sources/accounts be frozen by government agencies?	Where do terrorists get their funding for general living expenses if they are fighting and not `working '? Can those culprit sources/accounts be frozen by government agencies?
Did Hillary Clinton do a good job, campaigning for Barack Obama?	Did Barack Obama do a good job campaigning for Hillary Clinton?
How can an engineering student (first year) prepare for a civil service exam (IPS/IAS/UPSC)?	How can an engineering student (first year) prepare for a civil services exam (UPSC/IAS/IPS)?
Parents, do you really love your children? If yes, would you still if they committed atrocious crimes?	Parents, do you still love your children? If yes, would you really if they committed atrocious crimes?
Which book will be helpful for optional practice to crack CA-CPT?	Which book will be optional for helpful practice to crack CA-CPT?
Is a male tester really better than a female one?	Is a female tester really better than a male one?
Why did n't RBI introduce the plastic currency in India with the new 500 and 2000 notes?	Why did n't RBI introduce the new currency in India with the plastic 500 and 2000 notes?
What are the rules and regulations when visiting an inmate at Colorado prison and how does it compare to prisons in Valdosta?	What are the rules and regulations when visiting an inmate at Valdosta prison and how does it compare to prisons in Colorado?
Which place is better to live and why: the East Coast or the West Coast?	Which place is better to live and why, the West Coast or the East Coast?
How do mountain ranges in Oklahoma differ from mountain ranges in Idaho?	How do mountain ranges in Idaho differ from mountain ranges in Oklahoma?
I got less than 120 marks in the JEE Main. In depression, I wasted 10 days afterward. If I start prep now for Advanced, can I expect more than 200 marks with 1 month of intense study?	I got more than 120 marks in the JEE Main. In depression, I wasted 10 days afterward. If I start prep now for Advanced, can I expect less than 200 marks with 1 month of intense study?
How does a horizontal milling machine and a vertical milling machine differ?	How does a vertical milling machine and a horizontal milling machine differ?
If IIIT Bangalore MTech in CS/IT is that good, why it has so low GATE cutoff?	If IIIT Bangalore MTech in CS/IT is so good, why it has that low GATE cutoff?
How is dark/vacuum energy created with the universe conserved if it is not conserved? Can infinite of these be created?	How is dark/vacuum energy conserved with the universe created if it is not created? Can infinite of these be conserved?
What if passport is not taken after it is dispatched?	What if passport is not dispatched after it is taken?
Could we write a cprogram to open a Twitter API and save all tweets in a file?	Could we save a C program to open a Twitter API and write all tweets in a file?
How are Indian Hindus different from Nepali Hindus?	How are Nepali Hindus different from Indian Hindus?
Is it better to own, lease, or rent your own house?	Is it better to rent, lease, or own your own house?
Have low frequency X rays (close to Uv rays) or high frequency Uv rays (close to x rays) enough small wavelength to penetrate rock/soil/wall/aluminium?	Have high frequency X rays (close to Uv rays) or low frequency Uv rays (close to x rays) enough small wavelength to penetrate rock/soil/wall/aluminium?
Hi guys! I knew advanced Java well. What is the best book for core Java and frameworks and where does one start?	Hi guys! I knew core Java well. What is the best book for advanced Java and frameworks and where does one start?
How do I see the people I requested to follow on instagram?	How do I see the people I requested to follow on Instagram?
Is a dual 200w spectrum CFL light adequate to grow one cannabis plant?	Is a 200w dual spectrum cfl light adequate to grow one cannabis plant?
I have slight bow legs, but I have no problems doing strenuous activities. Can I get surgery to correct this? Will I be able to do physical activity?	I have slight bow legs, but I have no problems doing physical activities. Can I get surgery to correct this? Will I be able to do strenuous activity?
What is the purpose of life? What's life actually about?	What's the purpose of life? What is life actually about?
Hilbert transform is (a) low (b) non linear (c) time varying (d) non causal pass system?	Hilbert transform is (a) non linear (b) non causal (c) time varying (d) low pass system?
Why is the Republican Party becoming more conservative, while the Democratic Party becoming more liberal?	Why is the Democratic Party becoming more conservative while the Republican Party is becoming more liberal?
Can a reputed MNC release offer letter directly after genuine round without any HR round? Everything seems to be technical but still I am not sure.	Can a reputed MNC release offer letter directly after technical round without any HR round? Everything seems to be genuine but still I am not sure.
How can I ask my crush to get me out?	How can I get my crush to ask me out?
Why are some movies a commercial success but get bad reviews, while others get great reviews but are financial failures, while again others get both great reviews and make a lot of money?	Why are some movies a financial success but get great reviews, while others get great reviews but are commercial failures, while again others get both bad reviews and make a lot of money?
What does it feel like to be with someone you ca n't love?	What does it feel like to love someone you ca n't be with?
If you could choose a fictional universe to live in, which universe would you choose, what role would you like, and why?	If you could choose a fictional universe to live in, which universe would you like, what role would you choose, and why?
I have 2 girlfriend I love one and want to be friend with other what should I do?	I have 2 girlfriends I love one and want to be friend with other, what should I do?
Why do non-white men seem so reluctant to consider interracial relationships with East Asian women?	Why do East Asian men seem so reluctant to consider interracial relationships with NON-white women?
How cold can the Great Basin Desert get, and how do its average temperatures compare to the ones in the Gobi Desert?	How cold can the Gobi Desert get, and how do its average temperatures compare to the ones in the Great Basin Desert?
Is South Africa vs India in the World Cup 2015 a one sided match? Does South Africa losing wickets in the preclimax make it one sided?	Does South Africa vs India in the World Cup 2015 a one sided match? Is South Africa losing wickets in the preclimax make it one sided?
If Trump loses in 2016 might he run again in 2020? Could he win then?	If Trump loses in 2016 might he win then in 2020? Could he run again?
Our universe is a sphere, but what direction are we moving in? Are all galaxies moving away from us or are they expanding in some specific direction?	Our universe is a sphere, but what direction are we expanding in? Are all galaxies moving away from us or are they moving in some specific direction?
What tactics do inside-sales reps (SaaS) use to sell clients on monthly plans when the annual pricing is clearly stated on the landing page?	What tactics do inside-sales reps (SaaS) use to sell clients on annual plans when the monthly pricing is clearly stated on the landing page?
Why do people on Quora answer a lot of questions but ask fewer questions?	Why do people on Quora ask a lot of questions, but answer fewer questions?
What are top CA mid size firms in Banglore?	What are top CA mid size firms in Bangalore?
Hav 4 years of teaching experience I belong to the mechanical stream want to shift to manufacturing industry do the industry consider my experience?	Mechanical 4 years of teaching experience.I belong to the Hav stream want to shift to manufacturing industry do the industry consider my experience?
What is the average weather like in Aspen during the winter, how does it compare to the weather in St. Cloud, MN, CO?	What is the average weather like in St. Cloud, MN during the winter, how does it compare to the weather in Aspen, CO?
Do we have any historical/archeological evidence that events of mahabharata and ramayana are scientific?	Do we have any scientific/archeological evidence that events of mahabharata and ramayana are historical?
I love my husband and I adore him dearly, but we have nothing in common. Is this normal?	I adore my husband and I love him dearly, but we have nothing in common. Is this normal?
Is pork considered white meat or red meat?	Is pork considered red meat or white meat?
Physics: Two masses'M 'and m are connected by a frictionless horizontal string. They are pulled by a force Annexure' on a weightless surface, the tension in the string will be?	Physics: Two masses M and m are connected by a weightless string. They are pulled by a force F on a frictionless horizontal surface. The tension in the string will be?
I'm 16 years old girl. I am 5 '3 ''tall and weigh 80 kg. How do I lose weight?	I am 16 years old girl. I'm 5 3 ``tall and weigh 80 kg. How do I lose weight?
I am creating a startup now and am full-time. My engineers are part-time though, and our product has not yet reached viral traction. Should I look for funding?	I am creating a startup now and part-time. My engineers are viral-time though, and our product has not yet reached full traction. Should I look for funding?
As a quorum, Have you ever partaken in random acts of upvoting? Have you ever upvoted an answer'just because '?	As a Quoran, have you ever partaken in `random acts of upvoting '? Have you ever upvoted an answer` just because'?
What's the difference between semi-automatic and fully-automatic washing machines?	What's the difference between fully-automatic and semi-automatic washing machines?
Do Jewish Christians in Kerala have Syrian ancestry?	Do Syrian Christians in Kerala has Jewish ancestry?
Did Hillary Clinton use Donald Trump as a way to have no relevant Political opponent?	Did Donald Trump use Hillary Clinton as a way to have no relevant Political opponent?
What is the main difference between Indians in UK and Indians in Canada?	What is the main difference between Indians in Canada and Indians in UK?
Can a native French speaker tell when talking to someone else in French, if the other person is a native or non-native speaker of France?	Can a native or non-native speaker of France tell, when talking to someone else in French, if the other person is a native French speaker?
Let's say I do n't believe the world is round. How can one prove the world is round to me?	Let's say I did n't prove the world is round. How can one believe the world is round to me?
How is blade commerce controlled in Vermont compared to Maine under the knife legislation?	How is blade commerce controlled in Maine compared to Vermont under the knife legislation?
Is Gautam Buddha University taking any steps to increase the quality of their placements further in the year 2017 and ahead?	Is Gautam Buddha University taking any steps to increase the quality of their placements ahead in the year 2017 and further?
Can I do get a master's in mechanical engineering from a good university in the US/Germany if I have a B.Tech degree from a 3-tier university in India?	Can I do to get a master's in mechanical engineering from a B. Tech university in the US/Germany if I have a good degree from a 3-tier university in India?
